Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
Avoid this place !
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
Food was okay , nothing great .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
You ca n't go wrong here .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
I had my eyes on this place , promising myself I will one day ` give it a try . '
And I hate to say this but I doubt I 'll ever go back .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty -LRB- could 've used a bit more salt -RRB- .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
What 's the difference between the two ?
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
we love th pink pony .
THe perfect spot .
Food-awesome .
Service - friendly and attentive .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
-LRB- i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . -RRB-
the food is decent .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty , hmmm .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
I had a great experience .
Food is great .
Service is top notch .
I have been going back again and again .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
I 'm going back .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
Quite simply it 's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough -LRB- both in quantity AND quality -RRB- .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
It is terrific , as is the value .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
Go hungry and enjoy .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
A big disappointment , all around .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
Was there Friday night .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
Sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
This place is incredibly tiny .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
The food was bland oily .
I just do n't understand all the hype ... .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
I do n't think I would go again .
This place is great .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
Great pizza and fantastic service .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Very cozy and warm inside ... .
I will be back !
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
Get the tuna of gari .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
It 's all about the food !!
I went there with my friend last saturday .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Much more reasonably priced too !
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll ... .
it 's delicious !
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
It is also extremely well priced .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ... .
Then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
Such a disappointment ... .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
The food was good too .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
Service was prompt and courteous .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
Great service , great food .
Prices are in line .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
But too far east !
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
So eat fast and order a lot .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
fine dining restaurant quality .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
A must try !
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
I grew up on these bagels .
The staff is no nonsense .
The food options rule .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. .
Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni .
-LRB- For those of you who do n't know , Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese , which happens to be my favorite . -RRB-
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection -LRB- though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience -RRB- .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
I would highly recommend it .
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
Its located in greenewich village .
You will not be disapointed at all .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
The bagel was huge .
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese -LRB- gets a little messy -RRB- .
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
All the staff is absolutely professional !!
I sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .
But they do .
-LRB- that is A MUST , but not every restaurant can do ... -RRB- .
If you want to dine with large party , I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 -LRB- or more -RRB- .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part -LRB- cause most are cooked that way -RRB- but it was way too bland .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
I definitely would n't go back .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
fresh restaurant was amazing ... ... food was delicious and of course fresh .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ... .
I will be going back very soon .
keep up the good work .
Hats off to the chef .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
It was wonderful .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
Unbelievable .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
Great vibe , lots of people .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Salads were fantastic .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
We will be back .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price -LRB- congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each -RRB- .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese ... both very tasty .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
We 'd go back again .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
We all felt it was worth it .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
it is not consistent .
really depends on your luck !
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
And where does Patis go wrong ; no where .
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : Cassuolet , Steake Fritte , Tripe Stew , etc ; simple stuff .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta -LRB- raddichio was kind of bitter though -RRB- .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge -LRB- although they have more funky toppings ! -RRB-
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
MMmmm ... it was delicious .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
I ca n't wait to go back .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
I absolutely love this place !!!
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
The sushi is amazing !!!
And amazingly cheap .
Big thumbs up !
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
We were very disappointed .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
Check this place out !
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc ... .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
Fish was overdone .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
It is simply amazing .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
LOL .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
Beautiful experience .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
The staff offers impeccable service .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz of Maine Lobster in it .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
It was divine melts in your mouth .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
We had Lava Cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it .
It 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it !!!
All in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
We will definitely go back .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The wine list is excellent .
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle -LRB- or two -RRB- of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
No plans to return anytime soon .
This place is so much fun .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
Our food was great too !
And really large portions .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
I highly recommend it .
I am going to the mid town location next .
The place is a lot of fun .
My six year old loved it .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
The food however , is what one might expect .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
We had a good time .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Drinks way over priced .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit .
Great pizza for lunch place .
Service was quick .
The pizza was great .
And it was quick which is very important .
Have the iced tea .
It was wonderful .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Delivery is fast too .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
Ess-A-Bagel -LRB- either by Sty-town or midtown -RRB- is by far the best bagel in NY .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
The lox is always fresh too .
Highly recommended to all !
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
I do n't get it either .
Not impressed with the food .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Zero ambiance to boot .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
Everything we had was good or ok ... but definitely nothing great .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
When you add it all together , it just does n't seem worth it to me ... especially considering the prices .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
Taxan delicious !
Arigato Gozimas Yuka !
This restaurant was recommended by a local ... as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !
We were n't !
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
Went there for an office lunch .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
Try green curry with vegetables .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
I was there on sat , for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
I had the best ravioli ever .
The wine the service was very good too .
Moderate prices .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
Molto bene !
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
A guaranteeed delight !
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio -LRB- the Godfather -RRB- has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm ... everything is just delicious .
Check out the secret back room .
Old school meets New world .
I pray it stays open forever .
Thank You Emilio .
Ciao Bella .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
The food was authentic .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
The prices are wonderfully low .
Very good wine choices .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
Great staff .
Always great service !
I go twice a month !
Fantastic !
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
I 'll keep this short .
Amma is nothing special .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
Will not be back .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
This place is always packed .
I know because I live nearby .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
Try the sea bass .
Highly recommended .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
As a student in NYU i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
JUST AWSOME .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
but overall i give it a 10 .
10 .
I have n't been to the other locations .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
Will never be back .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce -LRB- even its low sodium -RRB- , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
wont come back again for sure !
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
This was a great surprise .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The service was attentive .
I look forward to eating here again .
Planet Thai is great !
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
It 's popular w/the late crowd .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
Also , the sandwiches -LRB- nearing $ 7 -RRB- did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
Overall , not worth the money .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
Food is excellent .
Fish is so very fresh .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Love YUKA .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
The food was delicious -LRB- I had a halibut special , my husband had steak -RRB- , and the service was top-notch .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
Why ?
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
please do n't fool us .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Have frequented ` ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
-LRB- The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! -RRB-
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
I loved this place !!
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in America ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
Pizza here is consistently good .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
You should pass on the calamari .
It is thick and slightly soggy .
Decor is charming .
Service is average .
What a great place .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently .
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
Never again !
I absolutely Loved this place .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
The wine list is also really nice .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
I would highly recommend this place !
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
The food was good .
The place was nice and calm .
but the service was a bit slow .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
Service was also very good .
I would go back .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
But , they were too big for the bun .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ` nt feel like finishing them .
Also they were $ 15 each !
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
It was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-I 've had better for less elsewhere !
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
I will definetly be going back .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
We will be back .
love the food .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
it helps if you know what to order .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
highly recommended .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -LRB- the best and freshest I 've ever had -RRB- .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
Also very inexpensive .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
An excellent service .
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun -LRB- dessert -RRB- recommended by the waiter .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Will absolutely visit again .
Maybe tomorrow ;--RRB- .
You can not go wrong with this place .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
Go here .
Good for dates or with friends .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
less wait time for me !
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
The menu has so many fish items and oysters .
We all ordered different entrees so we could share .
The fish was really , really fresh .
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
It 's to die for !
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
There are other people waiting !
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
Our friends have not arrived yet .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
I 've been here twice now .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
-LRB- Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city -RRB- .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi -LRB- on saffron risotto-yum -RRB- .
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Great neighborhood joint .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
The counter service is bad .
They charge different prices all the time .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
Best Italian food I ever had -LRB- and being Italian , that means alot -RRB- .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
Great sushi experience .
Nice value .
Unique apppetizers .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
Murray wo n't do it .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
So close , but not good enough .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
The service is awful .
This place is not worth the prices .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
Love Pizza 33 ... .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
It hits the spot every time .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
Even the pasta is delicious here -LRB- a rarity in New York pizza restaurants -RRB- .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
They even scoop it out nice -LRB- for those on a diet -RRB- not too much not to little .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ... !
the turkey burgers are scary !
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
The sushi was awful !
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Good , fast service .
I would highly recommend .
Food is great and inexpensive .
The location is perfect .
Give it a try and enjoy .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
Jimmy is Dominican !
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Would NEVER go back there .
Too bad Latin Quarters closed .
That place was awesome , , , sally !
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
Always busy but fast moving .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
Open late -LRB- well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person -RRB- .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
What more can you ask for ?
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had -LRB- except for my mom 's of course -RRB- .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
The flavors robust and subtle .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
The place was quiet and delightful .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad -LRB- they are all good -RRB- .
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous -LRB- in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way -RRB- .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass -LRB- that 's about 2.1/2 drinks -RRB- for $ 8.50 -LRB- I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ... -RRB- in a great homey setting with great music .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends -LRB- classmates -RRB- too .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
I LOVE their Thai .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
I will go back to Suan soon !
In summer-eat outside on a terrace -LRB- another great feature of Suan -RRB- !!!
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
The food now is inconsistent .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
The setting is casual and romantic .
Prices are very good .
The food is excellent !
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
They were such a rip-off -LRB- $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns -RRB- and not worth trying .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek -LRB- for Chinatown -RRB- alternative .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner : .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
I was pleasantly suprised .
The food was exceptional .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc. .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat ... but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
Never fails to please .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Service is fast and friendly .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
But that is highly forgivable .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
Great food , great prices , great service .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ` special ' bagel experience .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price -LRB- if bought by the pound -RRB- .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
The food was absolutely amazing !!
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
The waiter was attentive .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion ... try the potato stuff kanish best one .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon -LRB- wasnt impressed -RRB- girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
Dessert is a joke ... dont bother .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ... .
Fantastic place .
Cute and decorative .
A pleasant surprise .
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
Great food , great decor , great service .
I recommend it !
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
-LRB- Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! -RRB-
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
Go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ... .
What a great place !
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
Loved it !
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
The only thing more wonderful than the food -LRB- which is exceptional -RRB- is the service .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
Wonderful at holiday time .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
A real dissapointment .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
I really liked this place .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee -LRB- rice porridge -RRB- .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
Quick and friendly service .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room -LRB- which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling -RRB- you 'd never know there was a world outside .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
Ahhh ... .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
They all know you .
Good food .
Good drink .
How do you rate home ?
I have never had cheescake like this .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
We were less than impressed .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
Probably would not go again ... .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
skip dessert .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
A classic !
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
It just was n't Thai .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza -LRB- as I love La Pizza Fresca -RRB- .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
Pizza was a little soggy .
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
This place is a great bargain .
Authentic Pakistani food .
People are always friendly .
Do n't waste money on decor .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Faan is sooo good .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
What more could you want ?
The food was actually aweful .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
go here for the drinks !
especially during happy hour !
enough said !
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
My fav was the sassy lassi ... .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
I really recommend the very simple Unda -LRB- Egg -RRB- rolls .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Amazing !
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
The food 's as good as ever .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split -LRB- rather than one appetizer and entree per person -RRB- for two people .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
Ca n't wait to go back .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
Good luck getting a table .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
Staff is very accomodating .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
Not worth it .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
I loved it and would go again .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
The food here does a great service to the name -LRB- Cantonese that is ... -RRB- .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices ... .
Service is not what you are coming here for ... .
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service I need ... .
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
this place ... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
even the wine by the glass was good .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave. .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ; .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ... .
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks ... .
Yakitori -LRB- bbq meats -RRB- is tasty too .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ... .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
No thanks !!!
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ... very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
We were then shooed inside .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
We left , never to return .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave. .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
You can do it here .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20 's / 30 year olds also .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
The food is great .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
I heartily recommend .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys -LRB- a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup -RRB- who always seem disappointed with their tips .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
Love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it ... very fortunate , location wise .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
The price very reasonable .
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
We got most of it back at home with us .
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest ... tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol .
No , really .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
I love it .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
Definately check it out !!!
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
I just read Mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
I 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for -LRB- these are not your average lasagnas -RRB- !
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
Keep up the good work guys !
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
Love Al Di La .
I recommend this place to everyone .
Great food .
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn .
The pastas are incredible , the risottos -LRB- particularly the sepia -RRB- are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
Overpriced and not tasty .
The food here was mediocre at best .
It was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ... .
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink ... this place is not worth it ... .
Tasty Dog !
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten .
Ca n't wait to go back .
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
Trust me .
Run do n't walk .
Super YUMMY Pizza !
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
We had fun eating in there , we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning !
Will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in LA. .
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though :-RRB- .
Great sake !
Reliable , Fresh Sushi .
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month .
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
We 've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price .
Best ... Sushi ... Ever .
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
Creative , consistent , fresh .
Excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
Not cheap but very yummy .
Love it .
Very , very nice .
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
not only is the food .
Loved It .
My wife and I went to Water 's Edge for a romantic dinner .
We had a very nice time .
The waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
I 'd definitely go back again .
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner .
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
Place is open till late , no dress code .
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
Highly recommended !
Excellent food for great prices .
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit .
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
There are no negatives to speak of .
the bestt !
my favorite place lol .
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good .
its alright .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
Way below average .
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
Would NEVER go back .
I love this place .
I was n't here for the pizza so I ca n't comment on that yet but what I had was very good .
The service was quick and friendly .
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed .
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
The only downside ... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time .
I 'll be back for sure .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN .
Very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
awesome .
the food is always fresh ... .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service .
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
food was luke warm .
The waitress was not attentive at all .
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
Too many other good places to have to settle .
Not because you are `` The Four Seasons '' ... -- you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
The food was excellent as well as service , however , I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed .
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where I am not swept off my feet .
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down .
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll .
If you do n't like it , I do n't know what to tell you .
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
I 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
Favorite Sushi in NYC .
I have eaten at some of the ` best ' sushi joints in NYC -LRB- Nobu , Bond Street , JewelBako , etc -RRB- and Yamato is my favorite .
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
SO GOOD .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... -RRB- .
Gross food -- Wow - .
I ca n't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York .
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
And $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
Come on .
Do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
Really , I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
Oh , and I never write reviews -- I just was so moved by how bad this place was , I felt it was my duty to spread the word .
Great Indian Food !
This place was reccomended to me by a friend .
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
The staff is very good .
Love their drink menu .
I highly recommend this beautiful place .
Nice for one time special occasion .
Went for Mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well .
Be aware .
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
Food was OK .
Nice view of river and NYC .
I come here enjoy very much with husband .
Remind me of home .
Great survice .
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious .
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
Oh , and there 's hookah .
Raymond the bartender rocks !
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
The omlette for brunch is great ... .
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ... .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
A weakness is the chicken in the salads .
It 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
Overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
Best Indian Restaurant in the City .
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
Small , bright , and clean , BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in Astoria and out .
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house -LRB- even the gyro meat and sausages -RRB- , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
Best restaurant in Brooklyn .
The best !
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
The veal was incredible last night .
Fresh , mind blowing flavors .
This place is a must visit !
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn ?
Skip Nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to Bark .
Delicious , creative and fun .
Got a date ... Go here !
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else .
It is so romantic .
Its dark , and cozy ... there is always jazz music playing when we go .
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like ` that ' couple .
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
I 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish -LRB- I 'm a daring eater but not THAT daring -RRB- .
Once you try it for a special occasion beware ... you ca n't stop !
You 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ... .
For a Fabulous Wedding !
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
Everyone raved about the atmosphere -LRB- elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views -RRB- and the fabulous food !
Service was wonderful ; .
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .
Paul , the maitre d' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
Thank you everyone at Water 's Edge .
Ruth , mother of the Bride .
would NOT go back .
Service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
The high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
The bar drinks were Eh , ok to say the least .
The stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
We thought the dessert would be better , Wrong !
$ 170 down the toilet ... .
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
The floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
Go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead .
Good Experience .
During our trip to NYC , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu -LRB- offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp -RRB- .
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appetizer of olives was disappointing .
However , our main course was wonderful .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
The dessert -LRB- we had a pear torte -RRB- was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
All in all , I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
short and sweet -- seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
The service was extremely fast and attentive -LRB- thanks to the service button on your table -RRB- but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
over .
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
Will probably not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once .
Impressed ... .
Subtle food and service .
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
Sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .
This is the first place I 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
I go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !!!
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you NAME it .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE !
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York !
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !
Great find in the West Village !
Maggot in the food !
I 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
The menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
Nevertheless , I finished my plate , and that 's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
I showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts -LRB- but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for -RRB- .
When the bill came , nothing was comped , so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine , but I did n't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it .
Yes , I ate the food , but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating , and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine -LRB- which cost less than the food -RRB- , and made it seem like a big concession .
We paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , Flatbush Farm is n't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
Unhygienic .
I do not recommend .
I went there 2times .
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
Great place , great value .
The food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
Awesome .
Inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
Try it !
Very pleased .
Good creative rolls !
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
They have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
The appetizers are also delicious !
Amazing food .
Mazing interior .
Great food !
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
If you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
Indo Chinese food , pretty good ... .
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food .
The chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes -LRB- I have to agree with a previous reviewer -RRB- are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the Chilli Chicken .
My mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she -LRB- being Indian -RRB- feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
Still we keep going back :-RRB- .
I was speechless by the horrible food .
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered , I requested a vegetarian dish .
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables -LRB- minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation -RRB- .
I was so stunned , and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
This place survives on reputation alone .
I will NEVER return .
Best In ALL of NYC .
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ... .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ... .
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ... .
I 'm telling you ... .
you should travel from the Bronx to try it ... .
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ... .
so delicious !!!!!!
Patsy 's Pizza = true love .
Hands down the best pizza on the planet .
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
In about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
Need I say more ?
great hot dogs ... .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
great taste .
Great , original taste .
For me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
The only thing that strikes you is the decor -LRB- not very pleasant -RRB- .
great food .
This place has great indian chinese food .
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
Also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !
Even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
Best Indian Chinese in the city , by far !
AMAZING MY FAVORITE !!!
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene .
I came across Village Underground by accident , now I go there all the time .
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they do n't make you by bottles .
Which lets face it ... at times it 's a good thing .
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME !!!
Highly recommended !
One of the best , if not THE best , restaurants in Park Slope -LRB- and NY in general -RRB- .
Everything on the menu is great .
This establishment is the real deal .
Wish NY had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
There is `` Expensive-but-worth-it '' and there is `` Expensive-and-WTF '' ?
This is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
But $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't include Wine ?
Are you freaking kidding me ?
Look , the appetizers were really good .
The entree was also very good .
Ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
What you are paying for is the environment and the name .
Yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
$ 500 included : .
Drinks : 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $ 35 each .
Starters : Kobe Beef Sashimi .
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef .
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe .
A beef Consomme .
Entrees : Vanison steak and Bison Steak .
Vanison was good but not amazing .
Bison was quite excellent however .
Dessert : pure disaster .
Just not good at all .
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all .
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
I was wrong .
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say `` I 've been to the four seasons restaurant '' .
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it .
All in all , the food was great -LRB- except for the dessserts -RRB- .
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
If you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
Yes , it is good , but I 've had better for cheaper .
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
Terrible Waste of money ... scammers .
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience !
BUT not in a good way .
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
Our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
The place is beautiful !
The hostess was very pleasant .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
Once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
Since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
Our experience did not ever get any better .
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka .
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
We asked for beverages and never received them .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
I would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka !
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka ... some of which we never received !
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
To top it all off ... the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
I wish I COULD be refunded !
Do n't go with a larger group than 4 !
I went here for a family birthday dinner .
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening .
The hostess said `` Wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together '' , to which I replied `` no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . ''
At first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion -LRB- maybe 3 of each -RRB- .
The lobster knuckles -LRB- special of the day -RRB- were ok , but pretty tasteless .
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the `` salt encrusted shrimp '' appetizer .
After we ate our appetizers -LRB- which took all of 8 minutes -RRB- we ordered another round of Brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
She replied `` well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . ''
We called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
The food arrived in about 15 minutes .
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass ... which was very good .
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
I heard the lobster roll was excellent .
They seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done -LRB- my sister still had her fork in hand -RRB- .
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
Service not the friendliest to our `` large party '' !
Probably would not go back here .
Great Indian food .
I lived on 50th st , and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out .
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly , but I can say this is one of the best I 've had .
Very `` normal Indian food '' , but done really well .
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price -LRB- just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 -RRB- , which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
Also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
I do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff -LRB- more than the price -RRB- .
But if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for Indian food .
One of the BEST .
Bukhara Grill , the tagline says it all ... `` INDIAN SPICE RAVE '' .
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it .
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
We go often for lunch and the place is packed .
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC .
Wretched and retching .
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
For starters they delivered us someone else 's order .
Fine , I wont hang you for that .
However , once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair , -LRB- sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option -RRB- , I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
Not one to jump to complaints -LRB- hence my lack of previous online reviewing -RRB- , I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
None was made so i hung up .
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet .
My girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years , I am now in culinary school , I am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half Korean !
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
It was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
Eat at your own risk .
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner .
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night .
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date .
More Williamsburg Garbage .
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight .
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
The bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I 've ever tasted .
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service .
I mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
She just nodded and walked off .
There were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect English .
As to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
We were charged full price .
If you ware looking for Korean fusion , I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village .
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street , of course .
Lives up to the hype .
We 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
We 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
It was well worth the wait .
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
It does n't look appetizing as it 's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
i love margherita pizza -- i looove east village pizza .
Love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
Personally I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City .
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie -LRB- that do n't serve sushi -RRB- , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate dcor will make you feel like you 're no longer in the city .
If you 're planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you 'll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching -LRB- choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! -RRB-
It 's just you and your date and an occasional cute ` excuse me ' before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
My party had the BBE $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
Our first course was Tuna Sashimi with Green Yuzu Sauce .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
The sake 's complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse -LRB- interesting but not extraordinary -RRB- and matcha -LRB- powdered green tea -RRB- and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
Maybe it was the great company -LRB- I had friends visiting from Philly -- yes , it was not a date this time -RRB- or the super reasonable price point , but I just ca n't say enough good things about this brasserie .
I do n't usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but I 'll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
Terrible would be a compliment !
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday , we sat in the tent .
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
They are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
Stay away .
Great Shabu Shabu .
I go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
I love it .
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu .
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
But for the Shabu Shabu , you wo n't find much better in NY .
In fact there is only one I 've tried that even compares -LRB- shabu Tatsu -RRB- and even then I prefer Dokebi .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
Restaurant with a view .
Celebrated my fathers birthday here .
The food tasted very good .
The family seafood entree was very good .
The main entree was also very good .
We order a bit of everything on the menu .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
This place does n't make any sense .
Just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
This place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ... .
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
The food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake .
Good Food .
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation -LRB- if possible -RRB- .
Loved it .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
The atmosphere was great .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
Maybe it has improved since then ?
Regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
Dumbfoundingly Poor .
This was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
Lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn .
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
Polite acknowledgement is out ; .
supercilious scorn is in .
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer -LRB- which was delicious -RRB- .
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
The place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what I could tell , a reasonable wine list -LRB- I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins -RRB- .
At $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
On that scale , it 's a world-beater .
How is this palce still open ?
I honestly do n't even know where to begin .
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms .
We arrived and were seated immediately , which made us both happy .
We ordered our appetizers , I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon .
Everything was going good until we got our meals .
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled .
It was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat .
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
At this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress WALKED away .
So , I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it .
I could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
I 've had better chicken at BBQs !!!!
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .
Guess what , I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , `` oh well , I wish you would have said something earlier '' No apology , nothing .
After that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
No desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
I was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
This is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it .
Again , no apology , no is there anything else I can get you , no can I get you a drink to make up for it , nothing !!!!
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
The level of rudeness was preposterous .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE .
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
cirspy crust margherita pizza .
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes .
it was really good pizza .
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- .
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan .
I 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
Moving on .
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place .
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian .
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .
Well ... they can run but they ca n't hide .
I live in the West Village and I 've been to a lot of restaurants .
Sometimes you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , things are expensive .
However , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
This place ... god where do i begin .
It is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME !!!!
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .
Great Hot Dogs !
I 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby -LRB- I live on UWS -RRB- .
Though it 's been crowded most times I 've gone here , Bark always delivers on their food .
The hot dogs are top notch , and they 're Slamwich is amazing !
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
Only complaint is the pricing -- I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off -- .
We live nearby BFC .
It 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
Each time we 've been , the front of house staff -LRB- not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you -RRB- has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return .
As BFC does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
The frizzy retro girl -LRB- with winged / Dame Edna glasses -RRB- will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she `` had a BBQ to go to '' that night - WTF ??
I 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
There 's another girl who I ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 '' with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
I 'm a friendly person , so I would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
Again , I 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
Considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better service .
So , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ... .
Maitre-D - `` Eat and get out '' .
My family ate here last weekend .
The food and service were fine , however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
His response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-D 's sense of '' table turnover '' , as whacked as it is , or else .
If you go here , do it on his off-night .
Best meal in a long time !
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
My father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
Everyone must come here at least once .
Highly recommend it !
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level .
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at Bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
Great Atmosphere .
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
Cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
Poor service and management .
Do n't go to this place !
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner .
Appetizers took nearly an hour .
When the main course finally arrived -LRB- another 45mins -RRB- half of our order was missing .
Never got an explanation as to what was going on .
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
When we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
On the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
Ca n't believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
What a hassle !
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
On our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
Mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff .
Without the wait or attitude , I would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
Expensive .
I went there after hearing how great it was .
Wow .
The bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far .
So rude !!!
I went with JWILS .
Her review is above .
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
My friend is 100 % right in the experience we had .
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane .
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , `` can I help you '' and `` how many are in your party . ''
What ?
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
We did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem .
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
bad staff .
I generally like this place .
The food is good .
The design of the space is good .
But the service is HORRID !
I was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
I ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating -LRB- a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so I try to ignore it -RRB- .
I could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
She then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
I wish I could like this place more , and I wish someone would retrain the staff .
Yum !
Serves really good sushi .
Not the biggest portions but adequate .
Green Tea creme brulee is a must !
Do n't leave the restaurant without it .
No Comparison .
-- I ca n't say enough about this place .
It has great sushi and even better service .
The entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need .
I 've been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date .
Snotty Attitude .
-- We were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast .
The owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint .
Good food !
-- We love breakfast food .
This is a great place to get a delicious meal .
We never had to wait more than 5 minutes .
The staff is pretty friendly .
The onion rings are great !
They are not greasy or anything .
Overrated .
-- I was highly disappointed in the food at Pagoda .
The lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns , the few they actually give you ... were not good .
The prices are outrageous , especially since the food was actually less satisfying than most neighborhood Chinese establishments .
Nice ambience , but highly overrated place .
I will not go back .
Worst Service I Ever Had .
-- A group of 5 of us went there for Sunday brunch and sat outside .
Everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received .
Our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered , we were not given any water or utensils .
I complained to the manager , but he was not even apologetic .
I will never return again .
Fabulous Italian Food !
-- I highly recommend Mioposto .
I am so happy to have a wonderful Italian restaurant in my neighborhood .
The wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to Italy .
I love this restaurant .
-- I will never forget the amazing meal , service , and ambiance I experience at this restaurant .
It was absolutely amazing .
The wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse , the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice , good at their jobs and cultured .
I have not a bad thing to say about this place .
AMAZING .
I can not wait to go back again this coming weekend !
Mmm ... good !
-- Went there last night with a friend .
She had heard from a co-worker about this place .
The food was great !
It 's * very * reasonably priced , esp for the quality of the food .
I had the Kafta plate and it was perfect .
We 're going back :D .
Finally a meal that you will remember for a long time !
-- In a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .
This is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .
Caution - its real food for people who love the best .
Some of the food is clearly oriented toward foodies -LRB- like me -RRB- so if your not a foodie -LRB- nothing wrong with that -RRB- - head over to McDonalds or some Ruby Tuesday and have at it !
If your looking for real quality -LRB- not the BS that is seen on yelp ratings - which allegedly recently got in trouble for `` adjusting '' ratings -RRB- , you need to get in here !
Very Disappointing .
-- I took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed !!!
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .
I may not be a sushi guru but I can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it .
Rice is too dry , tuna was n't so fresh either .
Nothing really came across as outstanding .
Very disappointed .
I have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent .
However , the value and service are both severely lacking .
Portions contain less fish than one would expect , particularly since prices are in line with the best sushi places in NYC -LRB- Masa excluded , of course -RRB- .
Furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .
The service ranges from mediocre to offensive .
On a recent trip , our waiter was extremely dismissive , while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of Japanese girls seated nearby .
We were then charged for their most expensive sake -LRB- $ 20 + per serving -RRB- when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price .
But Im sure this was just an honest mistake ... .
Freshest sushi -- I love this restaurant .
They pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls .
The sashimi was the freshest and most tender I have ever tasted .
Their apps are all delicious .
The only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side .
But the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .
You are bound to have a very charming time .
Not recommanded !!!
-- The food was not great & the waiters were rude .
It is not worth going at all and spend your money there !!!
great service .
-- Pretty cheap for sit down Mexican AND downtown .
my service was stellar !
the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me .
food was fine , with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa .
If you 're in the area you should n't be disappointed .
Ok ... -- Maybe I went in on someone 's bad day ... .
the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .
Took forever to get our order taken , water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention .
I do n't know if I 'll be back ... .
Mama Mia -- I live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place .
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it 's edible , even when you order ahead .
BUt once done , it 's not too much dough , not too much cheese , not too much sauce .
Best Sushi in town .
Have gone to all the top places .
Everything you want and more , very fresh .
Its worth the wait , especially since they 'll give you a call when the table is ready .
The best calamari in Seattle !
-- ... and the best summertime deck experience -- they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the Seattle evening weather .
A perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year .
Endless fun , awesome music , great staff !!!
-- By far the best bar in the east village ... .
I went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast !
Every time `` 0-sixtynine '' is called the bartender buys everyone drinks !
Been there lots since and its always a good time .
Great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks .
Definitely has one of the best jukebox 's i 've seen in a long long time .
I FOUND A NEW HOME ON SECOND AVENUE !!!!!!!!!!!!
-- Where can I begin .
I ca n't !!!
Just go there and see for yourself .
The food is great , the bartenders go that extra mile .
You need to watch your game , they will have it on for you .
The owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .
And the upstairs is a great place to hang out .
Not alot of smoking places left in New York , but I have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city .
Kudos to these guys .
I found a new home and just moved with a long lease .
Thank you .
Go Beyond the California Rolls ... .
The sushi here is delicious !
They have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from ; Atlantic or Pacific .
I 've had the Jellyfish , Horse Mackerel , Blue Fin Tuna and the Sake Ikura roll among others , and they were all good .
My only negative comment is that I wish the pieces were a little bigger .
The decor is rustic , traditional Japanese .
The crowd is mixed yuppies , young and old .
The service was courteous and attentive .
Mediocre food .
-- We ate on the outside patio area for dinner on a Saturday night .
The outside patio area has an abbreviated menu .
We ordered the marinated grapes , buffalo style chicken wings , and the turkey sandwich .
My g/f and I both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price .
We are locals , and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists .
Service was decent .
Drinks were good .
Unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks I would n't recommend going here .
You are likely to be disappointed .
Excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive .
-- I loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi -LRB- 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis -RRB- and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .
The ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in Downtown Disney .
It was romantic - and even nice even with my sister , reminded me of Italy , and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a Mediterrean villa .
I recommend it for a night when you want to splurge -LRB- it was a bit expensive -RRB- !
Best Indian food in L.A. .
-- I 've been to over a dozen Indian places in L.A. , and this is still my favorite .
The best thing is , the prices are also quite reasonable .
The chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes .
The chana masala -LRB- garbanzo beans -RRB- are also excellent .
It 's located in a strip mall near the Beverly Center , not the greatest location , but the food keeps me coming back for more .
hidden little jem .
-- tucked away over by the Beverly Center .
Never too crowded and always great service .
I think I have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent .
I can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma .
You routinely see Indian families and friends dining there , which is always a good sign .
I appreciate their delivery too .
Nice food but no spice !
-- I really enjoyed my meal here .
I had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc. .
The food was all good but it was way too mild .
Normally , places ask how hot you want it , but they did n't .
I should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild .
I will give them another chance and make sure to tell them to kick it up several notches .
The naan was some of the best I 've had and I really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .
Even the chickpeas , which I normally find too dry , were good .
And they packaged everything nicely so it did n't spill .
awesome find .
-- I do n't understand how I was a stranger to this place for so long ... the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - EVERYTHING is delicious .
I love the warm & cosy environment .
I just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - ca n't wait to celebrate my next birthday there .
best restaurant in the world , great decor , great customer service , friendly manager .
-- first of all henrymillionare you dont know a thing about middle eastern food so dont talk .
Cry me a river , stop complaining you obviously you have no taste in food .
i am never disappointed with there food .
the atmosphere is great .
and all you other people that have a problem get some help .
great lunch spot .
-- Great financial district mexican spot .
Always busy , but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service .
Everything I 've had here is good , taco salads , burritos , enchiladas i love this place .
Also have great margaritas !
You can order to go if you have to get back to the office too !
Lebanese Food , Yum !
-- I 've been to Open Sesame only once , but I 'm still reeling from the experience !!
The food is simply unforgettable !
I had the beef kabobs with a side of cucumber yogurt .
The presentation of the food was an added bonus , it looked just as great as it tasted !
My best friend had the chicken shawarma and she STILL raves about it being the best anywhere !
Her sister had the baklava for dessert !
What a tastly , flaky treat !
The staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful .
GO TO OPEN SESAME !!!
Holy Hummus !
-- The food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .
Dinners have always been excellent , in terms of food quality .
The open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given .
The side of potatoes is to die for , as is the labne -LRB- yogurt dip -RRB- .
Also , they serve THE best hummus in America , with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil -LRB- which , I believe is the traditional way -RRB- !
The only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service .
There have been several occasions when we 've just not gotten some side dishes we 've ordered .
However , this place is a gem , and I wo n't stop going back .
great beer .
-- My first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible !
We waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and over 11/2 hours for our food .
I swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .
HOWEVER , one Sunday afternoon my husband and I did go -LRB- although with my loud protests -RRB- and were pleasantly surprised .
The band was very good and the service was attentive .
Outside in the area between the restaurant and the park , children were running around while their parents sipped wine .
We ordered a selection of the small plates , and the shoe string onions , goat cheese pizza , grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good .
It was like dining at a completely different restaurant .
We have since returned and also had a great experience , sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer -LRB- cold and good -RRB- .
We did have the same waiter the second time , so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good .
Sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun .
Seattle 's BEST Winelist .
-- Ray 's -LRB- suprisingly -RRB- has the city 's BEST & most diverse wine list .
The sommelier is fantastic , down-to-earth , & extremely knowlegable .
I would go back for the wine experience alone .
Nice job !
NOT THE PLACE IT ONCE WAS .
-- It is sad to see a place that was once `` THE '' place to meet and eat for Bfast or Lunch , now be the place that is a big `` DONT BOTHER . ''
The food is not what it once was -LRB- potions have seriously seen downsizing -RRB- prices have gone up , and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere -LRB- including mainland Europe -RRB- .
What may be interesting to most is the worst sevice/attitude comes from the owners of this establishment .
This establishment really made a marked decline after -LRB- and this is recurring story -RRB- the airing of FOOD TELEVISIONS `` DINERS , DRIVE-INS , AND DIVES '' hosted by Guy Fieri , in which Schooner or Later was subject of .
Perhaps now , Scooner or Later falls into the `` Dive '' category .
This is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat .
I hope one day Scooner or Later returns to what it once was .
Untill this happens , my advice is to STAY AWAY .
Open & Cool Place with the Best Pizza and Coffee .
-- Mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .
The coffe is very good , too .
Great open and friendly ambience .
This place is charming and relaxing .
The servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful .
It reminds me of those great little restaurants in San Francisco .
It 's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends .
Old Reliable .
-- After 12 years in Seattle Ray 's rates as the place we always go back to .
Great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .
Enjoyed the food .
-- First of all , I am not from Long Beach .
I was visiting SoCal a couple of months ago when the friend I was visiting decided to take me to this restaurant .
-LRB- She was actually going to take me to another mediterranean restaurant right across the street but they were not open yet even though it was a few minutes past their opening time . -RRB-
I liked it .
Food was good and cheap .
I had the kafta plate and I enjoyed it .
It was so much though that I could barely finish but I did , since it was delicious .
Atmosphere was nice .
Service was kind of slow , our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it was n't that busy .
Still I would recommend this place .
BTW , I really like Long Beach .
It was one of the few places in SoCal where you would actually walk around and not have to take a car .
WOW !!!!!!!!
-- IT CANT GET ANY BETTER !!!!!
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW .
Great food with an awesome atmosphere !
-- Eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious .
The best place for a leisure Sunday breakfast amidst yachts , then take a stroll through the nearby Farmer 's Market .
great meal -- the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect !!!!
plus , i am allergic to rice , and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating -- did n't even bat an eye !
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake !!
absolutely fabulous !!!
Unbeatable sushi !
Two thumbs up !
I love sushi , and I have eaten it all over the world .
This is right up there with places in Tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned .
Melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .
Be sure to try the oyster roll .
splendid .
-- How to describe the best sushi in NYC : hmmmm , delicious , amazing , fantastic , suculent , perfect , nah , all of the above .
I ca n't saybenough good things about this restaurant , and I ca n't wait for my next several visits .
The best Chuwam Mushi I have ever had .
Perfect on a cold day .
$ 6 with tip .
Perfection .
Good Sushi , High Price .
One of the best Sushi place in town .
The house special roll is really good .
On weekends , you might have to wait for couple hours .
However , they do take your cellphone numbers so that you can go hang out somewhere else till they call you up on your cellphone .
A cozy spot for 2 .
-- I ca n't believe Murphy 's has been around for over 25 years , amazing .
That 's a huge compliment , especially in the fickled restaurant business , ... enough already !
Brunch at Murphy 's is to die for , my specialty ... egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .
It 's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous !
Save room for scrumptious desserts .
The restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you wo n't forget !
I guarantee you wo n't be disappointed , there 's also valet parking .
Addicting !
-- Best Mexican place for lunch in the financial district .
Love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .
The cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes .
Can get busy on Fridays for a table but once seated , the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly .
I went there with a friend from out of town ... and we were both very impressed !
Went on a Monday night , so there was no wait for a table .
The sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick .
The price was right too .
The atmosphere was just okay .
Space was limited , but the food made up for it .
I 'd go back there in a heartbeat .
Should have gone to Trader Joe 's and had frozen pizza :-LRB- .
-- My family went on a midweek evening to have dinner .
The restaurant was 80 % full and there was a sign posted `` wait to be seated . ''
Well I guess it 's hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff .
We stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us .
Finally , my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked , `` Are you waiting for a table ? ''
Once seated it took about 30 minutes to finally get the meal .
The prior reviews said Kid friendly ... give me a break with two young children that is light years .
The Caesar salad I ordered had so much lemon I could n't eat it .
The pizza was slightly reminescent of Baker 's Beach pizza which occupied the the space years ago -LRB- a distant second -RRB- .
It was decent but nothing exceptional .
This establishment is consistent with my feelings of the rest of Chow Foods group .
We used to frequent most of their restaurants but over the years each one has really been disapointing .
I 'm a born and bred Southend resident and was excited to hear of this restaurant opening .
Well , I guess maybe it might be beneficial for the management to pay a visit to Tutta Bella in Columbia City for some tips .
Great food , better Margaritas !
-- This is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas !!
it gets really busy , so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat , if you do have to wait , its not bad because the service is quick !
Check out the art on the walls , very colorful !
i love this place !
-- i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal .
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time .
The lunch menu is an awesome deal !
plenty of food , trust me .
Fresh ingrediants and super tasty .
The place is the next best thing to my Moms cooking .
Best food , phenominal service .
For the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best NYC has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .
Not only can the selection be innovative , but there 's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .
The nicest waiters in town .
WAY OVER-RATED !!!!
-- This place is unbelievably over-rated .
If I want to stand in line on Sunday for an hour to get average brunch food , then I would put Murphy 's at the top of the list .
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive .
10 !
Your a sushi fan , you love expertly cut fish , great sake , a killer SOHO location , and of course : Salmon , Tuna , Fluke , Yellow Tail , Cod , Mackeral , Jellyfish , Sea Urchin , Shrimp , Lobster , Sea Bream , Trout , Milk Fish , Blue Fin Tuna , Eel , Crab , Sardine , Monk Fish , Roe , Scallop , Oysters , and a varity of Toro .
There is only one place on the east coast that has it all , plus a lot more .
Better than nobu , tomoe , taka , yama , sugiyama , and the rest .
Bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world : BLUE RIBBON SUSHI .
Believe it baby !
Cut to the chase - this is amazing !
It 's unpretentious and underground .
It 's fresh , welcoming , delicious , and relaxing .
Hands down , the best tuna I have ever had .
Blue Ribbon lives up to it 's fantastic reputation .
I went here on a recommendation and will surely return time and time again .
What a find !
Well worth it .
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .
Good for late night dining -LRB- last minute planning -RRB- without reservations .
Try the Chef 's Choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty .
Poor customer service / poor pizza .
-- As with most restaurants in Seattle , Mioposto 's service was bad and the food was overpriced .
I know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places , but Mioposto 's pizza lacks quality and good taste .
To be honest , I 've had better frozen pizza .
I 'm not kidding .
The only positive thing about Mioposto is the nice location .
Love it every time .
I was frankly shocked when I read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic ; it has not let us down in any way , and we 've eaten here more than 10 times .
People complain about the dim lighting , but that is one what I love about this place - if you want to stare at your food in bright light , go to McDonalds .
The food is fantastic , and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we 've been there .
The only problem would be the wait , but we usually just have a drink in the front while waiting .
Never had one single problem there .
Seafood Plus .
-- This was great dining experience .
If you 're going to see Danny Gans or just staying at the Mirage , do n't miss this one .
The appetizer of oysters , lobster , crab -LRB- small size -RRB- made a perfect entre for my wife .
Seabass on lobster risotto was the best .
Caesar salad was superb .
Great bottle of wine .
Leave room for dessert .
COMPLETELY OVER RATED !
I will have to do more research before checking out new places based on Diners , drive-ins and dives reviews .
I noice most reviews mention the bad service .
The food was ok , but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .
Even then , the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items .
We had a very hard time getting the waitress ' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager .
As it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20 % discount on our bill .
When the bill came , he only took the discount off the food and not the drinks .
It was clear he did n't really care .
With so many great breakfast/lunch places in So Cal , this one is not worth the wait or any extra effort to visit .
AVOID THE PLACE .
-- Save yourself the waste of time & DO NOT visit .
I made my 1st trip to the restaurant after finding their webpage online .
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !
I waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer & was never served again .
After sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes I left .
I went home & looked them up online again where I discovered there is a link for a give away that does n't work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service & deceptive link .
I never heard back from anyone more than a month ago .
After telling my friend about the situation he said lets try again but we will visit the lower bar .
After sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she 'd be right with us .
We left without ever getting service .
As of writing this I just tried their give away a link again & it still does n't work .
There are so many better places to visit !
Best Crab Cakes in Town .
-- Thats a big statement considering I 've been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since I was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time .
If you can , come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening .
Great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .
Always a winner .
Great Pizza , Poor Service .
-- Love their pizza , especially the mushroom pizza .
Also love their caeser salad .
Prefer to order it and pick it up though because I do n't like the servers , one young woman in particular .
She does n't make you feel welcome and treats you like an annoyance .
But she is very friendly with certain people , making it even more annoying .
Management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners .
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .
It 's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service were n't so impersonal and corporate-like .
Great Breakfast .
-- This place is famous for their breakfast .
They have been featured on the food network and they deserve it .
The food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .
I love breakfast here .
Their crab eggs benedict is addicting .
All their menu items are a hit , and they serve mimosas .
Does n't get any better than that .
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time .
-- we got a groupon for pagoda and decided to try it on a thursday night .
there was a guy playing the piano and singing at the bar area which was separate from the dinning area .
You can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing .
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning .
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up .
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese .
we ordered the honey walnut prawns which we always order at every chinese restaurant to determine the quality of food .
First off , the food came fast and all together :-RRB- i like that ... i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other .
so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter ... soooo good ... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .
yummy .
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted .
next one that we ordered were prawns and scallop with brocolli .
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty .
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one ... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .
not chewy at all .
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee ... oh la la yummy !!!
melt in your mouth .
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant .
every month if possible .
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel ... but they are definitely one you dont want to miss , esp if your in downtown san jose .
Chintzy portions .
-- The sushi here is perfectly good , but for $ 5 a piece , either the slices of fish should be larger , or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant -LRB- even for NYC -RRB- .
We easily spent more than $ 40 per person -LRB- not including alcohol -RRB- and were still hungry .
I 'm astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $ $ $ rather than $ $ $ $ .
Terrible service , food ok , pricey .
-- This past weekend had great weather for San Francisco standards .
So for the ` after beach excursion ' , we thought we would end the day on a high note and make the trip across the street from the beach to Park Chalet .
The restaurant was busy , however there were a few tables open .
We put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it 'd be a 30 minute wait .
So here we are , my wife , 3 year old daughter and I trying to pass the time by hanging out in the front of the building -LRB- where the murals and artifacts are -RRB- .
30 minutes went by and sure enough the pager buzzer went off .
We went back to the restaurant and low and behold , we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago !!
Logic behind that ?
None that I can think of .
We put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers , the food did n't arrive until 45 minutes later ... WITH OUR MAIN COURSE .
Um so now what are appetizers for ???
Oh I forgot to mention that they do n't have bread service .
Its a good thing my daughter had some snacks in her lunch bag .
My wife also ordered a teapot of hot water -LRB- she had a sore throat -RRB- and I guess that since it was only water , it was n't a priority for them to actually bring it .
In other words , if they are n't making $ $ off of you then you do n't rate high on their ` service scale ' .
Food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n't a fancy place .
The upside of the restaurant ?
If I needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or Golden Gate park .
Its great if you spent the day there and did n't want to drive to eat .
Parking is reasonably good , they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby .
Another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides .
I 'd hate for tourists to go to Park Chalet and think that this is how all San Francisco restaurants are like .
Always good .
-- A sushi-fiend friend recently visited and our group of three just had to come for dinner .
6pm on a Sat before a Broadway play and we were quickly seated and served .
Amazing Spanish Mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi -LRB- that eel with avodcao -- um um um -RRB- .
As usual the omikase did n't disappoint in freshness , although it scored low on creativity and selection .
Their specialty rolls are impressive , though I ca n't remember what we had .
Great selection of sakes .
Green tea creme brulee gets better each time I have it .
It is n't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .
Very poor customer service .
-- Schooner or Later 's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .
While this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .
As part of a small party of four , our food was dropped off without comment ; .
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table .
When we finally were able to flag someone down , it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food , who was also not the same person who had taken our order .
After one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress , a polite request that he not be bumped sent the waitress into an abusive rant .
A brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment -- to say we had been `` blown off '' would be an understatement .
The manager continually interrupted with `` Is there anything else I can do for you '' , a strange comment because she had hardly listened , let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience .
She promised to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage , but we could hardly take her promise seriously , seeing as she had n't bothered to get the waitresses name .
In short , Schooner or Later could n't have cared less about our being at their establishment .
Next time we will go somewhere else , or try other restaurants close by like Mimi 's Cafe and Claim Jumper .
1 o'clock in the morning .
you are with a hot date and he/she has an urge for sushi ... then this might be the place .
the fish was fresh , though it was cut very thin .
great service .
good sake selection .
Dungeness crabs here !
-- Ray 's is THE place to go for high quality seafood dinners .
And they give good quantity for the price .
We were only in Seattle for one night and I 'm so glad we picked Rays for dinner !
I love Dungeness crabs and at Ray 's you can get them served in about 6 different ways !
We shared the family platter and I especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu .
I ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting ... yummy !
And the service was simply spendid - quite a delight .
Great Breakfast .
-- Great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , B Fast burritos , Gluten Free menu .
The service is fantastic at this fun place .
If there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open , you know it is great .
This is the case at this gem .
Best Neighborhood Standby .
You Ca n't Go Wrong Here .
-- Every neighborhood has a few great local bars that are the best secrets .
In Grammercy/Union Square/East Village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot .
The music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .
Seriously , you ca n't go wrong , if it is unpretentious local fun you seek .
Oh , and the cheese fries are awesome !
Good Food , Great Service , Average Prices -LRB- For the Strip -RRB- .
-- I decided to eat at Stack because of their price fixed pre-show dinner .
When I walked in , I was taken aback by their incredible wood decor .
The music playing was very hip , 20-30 something pop music , but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat , which became annoying midway through dinner .
We were quickly seated and requested the special dinner , which came with : 1 -RRB- Shellfish and Shrimp appetizer or Caesar Salad , 2 -RRB- 9 oz steak -LRB- with a single potato chip -RRB- , and 3 -RRB- homemade donut holes .
I got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright .
It was n't the freshest seafood ever , but the taste and presentation was OK .
Before the steak came , the server told us that the steak did not come with any sides and suggested I pick something from the menu .
I picked the asparagus , which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared .
It was steamed and tossed with garlic .
The 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great , at least initially .
The steak was done to my exact liking -LRB- medium rare -RRB- and was nice and juicy .
It?s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .
Though , one thing I realized later on was that the restaurant either used MSG or a meat tenderizer on the steak .
My mouth felt very dry afterwards and I had that signature ... MSG ... taste lingering in my throat after I left the restaurant .
Finally , the homemade donut holes were served for desert .
They came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting ; very light and not-too-sweet .
The desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner .
The dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip , almost $ 50/pp after tax and tip -LRB- about average -RRB- .
But the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly .
Overall , I would go back and eat at the restaurant again .
Just remember to dress a little urban-chic so you don?t look too far out of place .
good sake , good food -- i honestly do n't know much about japanese food at all .
In the past sake usuallly just tasted kind of like salty water to me .
Server made several sake suggestions which were very good .
had many dishes but the BEST was the lobster 3 ways .
VERY GOOD !
Overpriced .
-- We dined at the Colorado location today .
Waited 35 minutes for a table for 8 which was ok for such a big crowd .
The waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .
Also , there was only one bathroom stall - probably need more for such big crowds .
Most importantly , we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu .
At best , the food was good and definately overpriced .
For the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower .
Not sure if I would go back .
My favortie pizza joint in Seattle .
-- This is my `` must bring out of town guests to '' restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it .
In fact , many want to return a second time during their visit .
The pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic .
I 've always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .
They are n't the most talkative , but everytime I 've been there they have been very busy , which probably accounts for the lack of conversation .
I also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .
It 's just the right size for the menu .
Excellent .
-- My husband and I love eating at Mioposto Caf .
We 're ca n't say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza 's !
You wo n't be disappointed by their menu .
The pizza 's are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .
You never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there .
The pizza 's are light and scrumptious .
Try the Pizza Ensalata !
It 's a salad on top of pizza crust .
Absolutely delicious .
The pizza 's are not huge and the crust is thin ... keep that in mind when you 're ordering .
Worth the wait .
-- Had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning , but it was so worth it .
The food is sinful .
The staff was really friendly .
The atmosphere was great .
The specialty here is decadent pancakes , but I 've been back now four times , and I 've been wowed every time .
Nothing on the menu is less than amazing .
Go with some friends , wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe , and enjoy more than your average breakfast .
Good eats .
Whose writing all the great reviews ?
Why is it that -LRB- almost -RRB- every good review is by `` anonymous ? ''
I do n't know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place .
I have been to this place , folks and it is BAD .
Maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that 's half-way decent .
I have been here , spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment .
Fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $ 100 dollar plate and NOT ONE was eatable .
DONOT GO !
Delicious .
-- The atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate .
The best dish are the honwy walnut prawns - just outstanding .
The service is really attentive and charming .
4 Locations .
-- they have 4 locations .
the 2 listed and then one in Southglenn mall parking lot which is reviewed here and one in Ft Collins .
We waited for an hour to be seated .
The service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .
It was worth the wait .
Plan on waiting 30-70 minutes .
Will definitely be back .
Southglenn is largest location .
Delicious ... !
-- I recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had .
The food is fantastic , authentic , delicious and very , very affordable .
The decor was beautiful and unique .
There was a really nice vibe about the place ... good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .
Our server was very professional and friendly .
To the owners of Open Sesame ... Bravo ... I ca n't wait to come back to dine at your restaurant !
Delectable .
It 's a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend -LRB- Thurs?Sun -RRB- you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar .
Once you 're inside , the real experience begins .
Everything , and I mean everything on the menu is delectable .
The waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa .
The sushi is as fresh as it comes?you 'd think ocean was in their backyard , no joke !
If you 're interested in good tasting -LRB- without the fish taste or smell -RRB- , large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place ... .
big thick pepperoni .
-- The pepperoni 's cut real thick -- Yum .
The pizza itself is not exactly the best I 've had EVER , but still pretty good .
I probably would n't go back though ` cuz I do n't know if it 's worth it .
Maybe I 'll go back once more many years from now when I 've forgotten I went there already .
Sit in the Balcony .
-- Not bad .
Food was good and appetizing .
Portions was just enough for me , but may not be for a big eater .
Fair menu selection .
The appetizer was interesting , but the Creme Brulee was very savory and delicious .
Indoor ambience was modern .
If it 's nice outside , request for a table in the balcony .
It 's a great place to people watch .
Although the service could be improved considering the money you put in .
Our drinks kept coming but our server came by a couple times .
Should check-up on us more frequently , do n't you think ?
Late night dinning with exeptional food .
-- I did n't want to go there because of the reviews and prices I saw on the internet .
That was the last night in Vegas and was too late and most of the restaurant were closing - so we walked in the check the place .
We were seated right away , the table was private and nice .
The service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .
The food was very good , filet mignon was probably the best I 've ever try .
The portions are big though , so do not order too much .
Groovy music made the dinner casual .
The most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places .
I have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd .
The bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink , the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser .
There were 3 bottles of perfume on the sink and the line of girls trying to use the sink .
I felt ackward and next time went to the casino bathroom .
This place rocks !!
-- Mercedes restaurant is so tasty , the service is undeniably awesome !
The chips and salsa are so yummy , and the prices are fabulous .
The atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing .
The catering is out of this world , and Raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world !!!
Drinks are suberb , and I feel like I am in a Third World country when I walk in the door .
Insultingly Overpriced .
- Mediocre Service/Quality .
-- This review is for the Southglen location which is not listed in Citysearch : I wish this review would make a difference enough for it to be addressed by management but Snooze has people climbing over each other for a chance to eat at this overpriced restaurant with mediocre food and service , so this review as well as the other negative ones for their Larimer location will go unaddressed .
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu .
To start off , approximately 8-10 oz of orange juice will cost you $ 3 .
They serve it in a tall , skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket .
I should have just asked for the check when I saw that ; but their menu was so unique that I continued .
The pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8.50 for 3 - 6 '' pancakes -LRB- one of them was more like 5 '' -RRB- in the pancake flight -LRB- sample of 3 different pancakes -RRB- is well over-priced .
The pancakes should be larger -LRB- at least 8 '' -RRB- to justify the expense even with the unique offerings .
The flavors were good but I have had far better pancakes at a German pancake specialty restaurant that were a little cheaper but significantly larger .
On my meal I had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking , and would have had to send them back again if I had n't rejected the meal all together .
I rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and I was too frustrated to continue .
To their credit they removed the dish from the check ; but no manager stopped by to ask what the problem was .
In the end our check came to $ 27 for 4 small pancakes , a breakfast burrito , an orange juice and an iced tea -LRB- I had water -RRB- .
This was 2 times what the same meal would have cost at Le Peep .
Snooze provided an inventive pancake offering , but Le Peep would have provided better service and quality .
Much more than just a great view !
-- I am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at Ray 's Boathouse last Friday completely exceeded my expectations .
Ray 's is something of a Seattle institution , but given its gorgeous Sound views , I had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service .
Imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about Ray 's !
To start things off , our lovely server Brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order .
My party of two was feeling particularly ambitious , and we splurged on the Shilshole Sampler ... a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns , smoked albacore tuna , Ray 's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill , scallops in a tasty soy dressing , and a tiny pile of Dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce .
For my entr&eacute;e , I completely enjoyed the seared Alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard , artichoke hearts , fennel , and pecorino toscano .
The scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique -LRB- not to mention tasty -RRB- .
My friend enjoyed the grilled Alaskan King Salmon with delectable creamed Washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans .
I had a taste of all three items on her plate , and they were superb .
Our server continued to be attentive throughout the night , but I did remain puzzled by one issue : Who thinks that Ray 's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner ?
Two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner ... they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table .
Given that Ray 's is a seafood restaurant ... well , you get the idea ... .
All considered , I have to say that Ray 's Boathouse is deserving of its title as a Seattle institution .
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .
Oh yeah ... the view was good , too .
This computer is absolutely AMAZING!!!
10 plus hours of battery...
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
This computer is really fast and I'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to...
I've only had mine a day but I'm already used to it...
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run.
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it.
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack, I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere.
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.
A great feature is the spotlight search: one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper.
My HP is very heavy.
Not easy to carry.
The battery has never worked well.
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
Yet, HP won't do anything about the problem.
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months.
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.
So, you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item.
Currently if I use the laptop I can't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs.
Well, they don't care a bunch.
But, at the same time they (the company) would not and could not do anything about my problem.
I would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful.
And, if you are going to deal with HP be careful.
In my house, HP is a nasty word.
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook, I have been very pleased with it, I have a laptob and a desktop.
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me.
The screen takes some getting use to, because it is smaller than the laptop.
I have not have any problems.
The Notebook PC,Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me.
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it.
Its still going.
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone.
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this!
It can't get any better.
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
I don't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it's perfect for me.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
The only thing I don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as Yahoo!Mail.
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.
Recommended to people as their first laptop.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
Easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
One drawback, I wish the keys were backlit.
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
I wasn't really as concerned about portability (it's a very large laptop) but it's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise.
I'm very happy with this machine!
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
I don't really have a complaint.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
Perfect trifecta!
I would recommend this product.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD'd during that time!
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later.
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person!
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up!
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase!
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!
I do not recommend this company or their products!!!!
So far, a great product.
High price tag, however.
Still trying to learn how to use it.
it is the worst computer dell ever made.
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one.
breaks easily.
only good thing is the graphics quality.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
No Viruses!
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.
I am loyal to Apple.
I am very Happy!
This just keeps having it's hard drive replaced!
Acer won't replace the laptop.
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts.
This thing is a lemon.
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern.
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program.
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
Then just the other day, my left "mouse" button snapped!
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!
Buyer Beware.
this one, in my opinion, might be a lemon!
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months!
*IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP, THIS IS NOT IT!
Like the price and operation.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
But, for the cost this is a winner.
I absolutely love my mac!
I can't imagine my life without it anymore!
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
Apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached.
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem.
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion.
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I've ever bought.
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare.
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed.
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop.
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it...
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.
It is amazing.
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
Was very much worth the price i paid.
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days.
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all.
Three weeks after I bought the netbook, the screen quit working.
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
Do not buy it!
It is the worst laptop ever
The image is great, and the soud is excelent.
i love ths notebook.
I love the glass touchpad.
Easy learning curve.
Also the display is exceptional!
I have loved this since i took it out of the box.
The battery is really long.
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
Small and light weight.
Speakers too small to be of any real use.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
I like it!
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis.
Needless to say, not to happy with the product.
This is a great machine!
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made.
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.
Very good quality and well made.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.
Overall, it's ok.
Laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases.
Peformance is good for the price.
If you're not wanting to be mobile, this is a good laptop to sit on a desk.
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it.
Not good for a person who gets online daily.
May be better for the occasional web surfer.
I just got this laptop for college, and so far I am very happy with it.
It is so much easier to use
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
And Toshiba is a quality supplier.
I love this little one.
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.
great battery life.
Keyboard is reasonable size.
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel.
Charger seems large for this class of computer.
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I don't really think that is what this computer is designed for.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
Very happy.
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
IT WANT TAKE IT, IT KEEP SAYING ERROR.
HELP, HELP, OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
The screen shows great colors.
I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
the speed is fine.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
Love it.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
This computer is the ideal college companion.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased.
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
It was over rated!
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
True quality at a great price!
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
I've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye'd the computer when I took it out of my bag.
I like the laptop overall.
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time.
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to work
This is a great little computer for the price.
Simple to use, and great graphics.
It has everything I would need for a home computer.
I'm very impressed.
It was secure and easy to navigate.
It is everything that I would want in a computer.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts.
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba, purchased specifially for attending online schooling.
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access; without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
I am very pleased with my purchase!
This laptop serves all my needs.
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.
Price and purpose is awesome!
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop.
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.
Great product.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
Everything was so easy.
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes.
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
It's a great product for a great price!
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
Just what the doctor ordered.
I cannot be happier with the service or product.
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced it
The WiFi is very weak.
Summary: Spend your money elsewhere
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
Love it so far.
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
Otherwise, I love it!
I wasn't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money!
It Was a great deal after all.
I LOVE it!
I should have bought one a long time ago.
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars!
I've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks, and it really is a great computer.
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to.
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy.
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.
the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
That being said, it still runs video in full screen decently.
The sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.
Bottom line, I doubt you'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine.
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
Money and time well spent!
Highly recommended!
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
Speakers doesn't sound that great.
Love the speed, especially!
So glad I decided to upgrade!
I've owned this labtop for less then two months, already the mouse button has broke.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all.
I'm stuck w/ a broken computer.
Will not buy another Toshiba, this is my second, not happy w/ either.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
I love the Apple products.
The Toshiba Mini Notebook, Model NB 305-N410BL, is a great little computer.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key.
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
It's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them.
And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba?
I'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba.
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product.
All I can say is W-O-W.
This laptop is insane!!!
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
This is definitely a computer worth the money;
The mouse is a little bit different than what you're used to though- it has one big flat panel and one full bar (instead of two separate ones) to click with- but you get used to it quite quickly.
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
Obviously, this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way.
DEFINITELY recommended!!!
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months.
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told, was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
English must have been his third or fourth language.
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test, and it was failing.
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me.
After 4 days, being denied 6 times and told off once, I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt.
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me.
After they found no other way, they told me to courier it to them(since they don't allow the use of the post office) at my expense, and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it wouldn't be covered.
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
This computer gets very hot, before shutting down.
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
I Contacted HPabout this situation and was given excuses, without results.
They didn't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement.
I will never purchase a HP again ever.
Let's just get this out of the way, I love Apple!
But the Macbook is the best!
It is super easy to use.
All you have to do is turn it on and it works.
It is very durable, I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet.
I don't do any high tech stuff on it, just write papers, check mail, and sometimes play games, so I can't reccomend it if you are in the computer field.
In the past four years I've had it I have never once gotten a virus.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
This laptop does everything I need it to very well.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that doesn't require a dedicated video card.
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase.
Great, quick laptop for the money.
Right size and weight for portability.
Battery life needs more life.
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.
I love everything about it.
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
This mac is great!
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.
I will NEVER buy (Refurbished) again, I don't cae how cheap it is.
Just don't waste your time and money on this.
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one, but IMO NO STARS
Summary: Dont buy HP.
If you buy, pray you dont have major prolems.
Runs Hot
I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro.
Now they are believers in the product.
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
This little netboook is helping me get work done!
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
If you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook, does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses.
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device.
So far, so good!
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed
This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".
It has no camera but, I can always buy and install one easy.
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.
That's the downside for me.
But, I would recommend this product.
Satisfy what I paid for it.
Good monitor and performed well.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs.
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
The games included are very good games.
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
Excellent speed for processing data.
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully.
All in all great item highly recommend it.
i would have to say that overall its great!
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
Fast, great visual!
Oh yea, has no numeric pad on the side.
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
Great wifi too.
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.
Overall for the money this is a good deal.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better.
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend.
Couldnt not use it.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
defective software.
returned it to walmart.
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
One of them seems to have worked.
Its a good laptop for its value.
Registration/1st use is easy.
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.
Would like more trendy, high tech features.
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.
Came fully loaded - good.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
Sound card is limited though.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses!
Windows 7 Starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
The ease of set up was terrific.
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever.
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity, because it is very sensitive.
Keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that I do.
Screen is crystal clear, yes it's small - but it's a netbook!
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
Simply amazing computer!!
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
But, like I said before, the only reason I don't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey.
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.
There is nothing to complain about the system.
I have used PC's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy.
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7.
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need.
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts...
another satisfied customer.
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made.
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers.
I am a college student and it has been very useful.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
Overall, this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase!
The graphics are stunning.
It's wonderful for computer gaming.
I would definitely suggest this laptop!
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
In addition, all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.
This comes in very handy for me as an educator.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click.
In addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.
If you are looking for something reliable, this is the laptop for you.
This computer was awful!
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it.
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
When calling Dell for help, reurn, or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it.
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself, with help of friends, and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it.
This computer was awful, I would never recomend it to another person.
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall?
Yeah, I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire.
That's how frustrating it was.
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART, I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM.
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE----BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY.
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS.
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER--------LOU
This is a great value for the money.
This is a great computer.
We haven't had any problems with it at all.
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.
But let me tell you, the mac book pro is so professional.
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
For example, when my husband turns the light out while I'm on the computer. the screen brightness automatically adjusts.
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
Oh, it is such a great piece of equipment.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
It really is perfect for work and play.
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
The only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expected that.
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
lots of preloaded software.
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.
tosiba has a good reputation, my llast computer was an acer.
this is starting off good.
What a great little laptop.
Maybe not the cutting edge (Satellite L455D) but it is a workhorse.
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba!
Excellent product for the money.
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.
Not super fancy, but not super expensive either.
Highly recommend for daily use.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed.
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done.
I would tell the technician I knewexactlywhat was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good.
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there.
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly.
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment.
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
The Windows 7 Starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about using your netbook: basics, basics, basics.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop (my wife and I have another laptop), or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks, and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them.
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place.
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba.
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue.
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air? to Louisville Ky.
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned.
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter.
We don't Mind and You don't Matter.
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
I've tried going back to XL but there still problems.
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
Just a bunch of idiots who's English as a 5th language is forced at best.
I'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up.
Good price.
Basic computer.
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).
It has worked fine.
Handles all my basic media needs easily.
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.
It's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs.
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
Let me start with the good:So awesome.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
This one has had the same effect.
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual, but substantive.
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
For the not so good, I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy.
It's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook.
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it's a lie.
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
Enabling the battery timer is useless.
The "Time remaining" goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes.
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot.:-)
If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
So, buyers beware!
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues!
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba.
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA!
I just love this lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black.
That is my only complaint!
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it!
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling.
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie!
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy.
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
This machine delivers.
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine.
It is a bit heavy.
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required.
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.
It wouldn't fit in most 17-inch bags.
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.
It also does not have bluetooth.
You'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
Overall, still a very nice machine.
Boots up fast and runs great!
I'm pleased.
The acer one compuer is a great computer.
I didn't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice.
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.
The pictures are clear as can be.
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.
Heck, if I had enough ' money, I would but it as a gift for someone.
Im glad that it has such great features in it.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
Clear picture on it and everything.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
Im very happy with this computer!
It's solid.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
It seems to be incompatible with everything else.
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
i love to use it it is esay and light.
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with.
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures.
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.
i can use it for all of my needs.
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me.
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again.
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer!
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience!
From the start, when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine.
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
Fast, fast and fast, the web pages just fly by.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
That includes transferring my music and movies.
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors!!!!
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too.
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
It is light and the battery last a very long time.
Very fast boot up and shut down.
Let me tell you, this machine is great.
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC.
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing.
The only time I have restarted is during system updates.
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one.
Ok, this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one.
I like it so much, I bought another just for my wife.
Took it back as it was defective.
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something.
Couldn't keep a page up you were working on!
was a great deal i will give that.
the laptop preformed pretty well.
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once.
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.
i tried turning it done but it did nothing.
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying.
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop.
I am very happy with this laptop.
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.
Amazing Quality!
Plus stylish.
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc!
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
Mac is not made for gaming.
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
Second, it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
Was not happy with one of the programs on it.
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.
Also, the extended warranty was a problem.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
So I'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority.
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I won't have to worry about a crash.
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highlydissatisfied with it.
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning.
It freezes, and it always shows that there is an error, so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it.
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem.
Well, I started using Google Chrome, which is a little better, but it freezes too sometimes.
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update, so if you don't save your files and information, everything will be lost.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden.
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.
It is not even a year old yet, so I woulddefinitely not recommend it to anyone.
Don't waste your money!
The laptop is gorgeous.
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight.
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access.
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work.
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky!!
Overall this laptop is great.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
They only stay charged a little over an hour.
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
It is a cheap throw together.
Save your money and go for a better device.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
Runs smooth and quick.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
I Love my new computer!
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both!
Thank you for your great product!
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
wonderful features.
The only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1/2 an hour.
It discharges too quickly.
Kind of annoying, but I still love the laptop.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
The only downfall is the volume control.
The wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since.
I love it so much.
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once, it never slows down.
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
GREAT INVESTMENT!
The price and features more than met my needs.
The feature are good enough for what I need.
I love my macbook pro!
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it.
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it!
It may take a little getting used to but you don't have to worry about viruses or other headaches.
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
I am ADDICTED to photo booth!
It is SO much fun to play with.
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there.
I am able to organize my pics, music and files easily.
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!
I love the keyboard.
The display is awesome.
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive.
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.
I think this computer is super lame.
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing.
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it.
It doesnt work worth a damn.
The display is beyond horrible.
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time.
There are so many things wrong with this product, it just makes me want to set my self on fire!
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage.
Not to mention it has shit gigs.
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage.
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.
got another 1, and same issue.
I am taking back today.
Don't waste your money or time.
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it.
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM.
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.
I loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows OS) until this started happening.
But if you can't make your product last more than a year, you will not get my business again.
I've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it!
In those three years, I've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
In the three years I've had my MacBook Pro, I have never had a virus on my computer, and I do a lot of work on the internet.
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.
I highly recommend this product!
Needs constant repair.
First the screen goes completely out.
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
Oh yeah, don't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
So far so good with this laptop.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
Memory is upgradable.
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys.
They click.
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!
I HATE this one.
Vista is a nightmare.
No tutorials on the display.
The book is useless.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
Thinking about returning it
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop.
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it.
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot.
It just works flawlessly!
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action.
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict.
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised.
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel.
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter.
So far, so good.
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.
I feel that it was poorly put together, because once in a while different plasticpieceswould come off of it.
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned.
For me, five stars is not enough.
I love the 15" MacBook Pro.
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift, and i'm totally (almost kind of maybe definitely) obsessed with it.
It was very easy to just pick up and use--
It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS.
I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services.
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.
All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone.
I love it!
They definitely have a superior product!
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
No I am generous calling it slow.
its more like a snail crawl.
he can't stand it.
I can't begin to say how disappointed I am.
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer.
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.
Delivery was early too.
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
I'd recommend this laptop to anyone!
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is  DESIGNED  to fail !
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
I've never had problems with viruses.
My next laptop will also be a Mac!
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac.
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could.
In my line of work, I often have to take work home, and this makes it so easy.
I do transcription work on the side, and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well.
The apple care has never failed me, and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well.
I will only buy apple laptops from now on.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
Good laptop for the money.
Speakers don't get that loud, but good enough.
They don't crash.
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
Never been hacked.
No viruses.
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
Its also FUN to use!
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
She said its very user friendly.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing.
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought.
My MacBook Pro is no exception.
Since I've had this computer I've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
Shiny
This Laptop is the Best of the best!
The Awesomest of the awesomest.
It is so great, I can Hardly ever take my hands off it!
My friends are in awe every time they come over!
I got it for Christmas, and I was so excited to set it up!
It is super fast, and always loads.
I am just amazed.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
If you don't like fingerprints, this might not be the laptop for you.
It super shiny, so you can see the fingerprints easily.
All for such a great price.
It's color is even cool.
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics.
They are so realistic I am just speechless.
I let my friend borrow it, and she knows nothing about computers, and she used it with ease.
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it.
I don't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio.
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb, 201
Ive had to call tech support many times.
Each time taking about 1 day or so.
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly.
I had to pay for the shipping!
I will never buy anything from HP again!
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse.
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke.
but after i got used to it i love it.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.
Not working = bad
I spent 2200 dollars on a "top of the line laptop".
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it.
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop
2) Blue screen first month
3) Horrible customer support-they lost my laptop for a month-got it back 3 months later
4) Laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...
5) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this "never" happen...
what an elegant, wonderful machine.
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.
I really wish I had done this years ago.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE.
I tell everyone that I know, friends, family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used.
The computer blinks it shuts off at will.
The letter A stopped working after the first week.
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem.
they have not sent a new one nor called.
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus.
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand.
Then to make matters worst, there is noone that they can transfer you to.
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair.
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it.
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied.
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back.
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke.
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.
The graphics are great.
The internet speed is spectacular.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop.
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer.
The computer is so slow, even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up.
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer.
Also, I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot, and not even sitting on anything to make it hot.
When the computer has been on for several minutes, it will occasionaly just go off by itself.
Also, the battery does not last very long at all.
I would recommend not buying this product.
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem.
I am stuck with a laptop that I cannot do very much with.
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.
Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.
Will probably never buy a HP again.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
I hate it.
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops.
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.
During that time, I had to send it back 3 times.
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing.
They would repair one thing, send it back and it would still have the same problem.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty.
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT.
I waited and waited and no laptop.
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box.
I waited another month for approval and for them to "BUILD" me a new laptop.
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing.
HP didn't fix it.
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one.
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in.
returned it.
5 months dead again.
They say sorry out of warranty.
Summary: They played games with me for the warranty period.
Now 17 months later they want (would not say exact amount) $165.00 to $400 to fix the machine.
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.
I burned my leg, after lifting it from my desk, and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table, so I can place it there.
I had to call Apple 19 times (each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone), and take it to their store for evaluations, and diagnostics, 5 times.
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin (it happened 7 months ago) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig (you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich, offer a loyal customer like me, a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this).
Steve Jobs, probably needs help and donations, and cannot afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby.
The lesson learned here is: It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand, since all of them are there to simply  to make as much money as possible, as fast as they can, and in this day and age, the customer no longer is right all the times.
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook, it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop.
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
Also the speakers are not very loud, But it is a netbook.
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
Although my model was listed as recalled, HP denied my claim.
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site.
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from!
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
The perfect notebook...
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!
Needless to say a PC that can't support a cell phone is less than useless!
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
Summary: I've had this laptop for 2 months, out of the blue the power adapter stops working.
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE!!!
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
The rep did not even answer my question, I had to ask him, if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he didn't even try to acknowledge my question.
I'm tired of the inept service.
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS!!!
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
I'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE.
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking.
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
So, if you're thinking of a laptop, I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook for all your needs!
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.
The 13" MacBook Pro is portable, durable, and very capable.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
It's also very energy efficient, running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
Still, this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work.
They also have a longer service life than other computers (I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks).
Probbly the worst decision we ever made!
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.
It is held in place magnetically.
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that.
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture.
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening.
Also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.
I hate to say this, but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back, then I would.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.
It's a bummer and one out of five is being kind.
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
I like this machine because its very lightweight...
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
10 hours of battery life is really something else....
I highly recommend that you buy this product.
It crashes, and when it goes flat, it just DIES (like a PC, maybe worse) and I loose all my open documents!
I Hate it!
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
I LOVE IT!
I can't say enough good for it!
It's A MAC!!
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66GHz 15" Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go.
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races.
It's face and depanable.
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
it's just a great toy to have around.
very very slow laptop.
tons of bloatware and junk programs.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
Amazing machine.
It is a big big, but since it has a 18.4" screen what would you expect!
It is truly a Desktop Replacement.
Very fast and efficient!
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII.
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!
The touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again!
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems!
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
I never have had a good result with this computer.
I was told by many  that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked  great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got  really bad.
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer, not  what I've done.
The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
They told me to reprogram the computer, and I didn't need  to do that, and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her  life.
I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.
I would  rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that  isn't good at all.
The right speaker did not work.
Again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund.
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i've ever seen.
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.
the mouse buttons are hard to push.
i cant believe HP put this out.
do not buy you will be disappointed.
i'm returning mine
dell is a decently made pc.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
This is perfect for her field.
At first when I got this product, I loved it.
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.
Then, within 5 months, the charger crapped out on me.
So I called Compaq, and after being on the phone for 3 hours, i finally got a replacement which I shouldn't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty.
2 months later, the battery went.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
Not worth it one bit.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
And it is impossible to get them back in.
Strengths:Well-shaped
Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.
It was still working, but there was nothing on the screen.
I was said it's videocard.
Very disappointed!
Didn't expect to repair it at once!
Don't buy this model.
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
The 4 USB ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.
Keyboard could use some trimming.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
I'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC.
The benefits were immediate!
Awesome graphics!
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great (I even put it to the test by accident)- excellent innovation!
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!
I've saved a lot of time and headaches so far, using my new MacBook Pro.
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.
I especially like the backlit keyboard.
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier.
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
The program came with the computer and works beautifully.
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails.
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months.
It started out getting hot after only a few months.
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it.
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro!
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it!
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile.
I love it!
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
We are addicted to the Mac.
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
Great laptop that offers many great features!
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful!
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
Buy it, love it, and I promise you won't regret it.
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life.
You will regret it if you buy any dell.
Dell sucks
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!
Everything is falling apart internally and externally.
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs.
I can't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
In short I would never buy a Compaq again.
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it!
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC.
The performance is awesome.
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.
With all the goodies inside this machine, it is a value.
It is very well built.
The keyboard is top notch.
The touch pad is among the best.
The screen is huge and coloful, but no LED backlighting.
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.
Sorry Toshiba, but 1st impressions do count for something.
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it.
So this was great for me.
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work.
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems.
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it.
I look forward to years of use, it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well.
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one.
A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
A coupla months later, they change my hard drive.
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died.
Went silently.
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
And I'm still paying the bloody financing, for a product which didn't last me at least three years !
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13" in April, and I loved it.
I was so happy with my new Mac.
Then the hard drive failed;
my information was all lost (my fault, I know, but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac, the paragon of all computers!
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
I can't even turn it off.
It's catatonic.
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if, since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it's "like new," I might have 8 months next time.
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
Great battery, speed, display.
It WORKS!
My house is now 100% Macbook.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it.
The keyboard is too slick.
I really don't like it, but I am stuck.
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
VERY disappointing:
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
After purchasing this thing, I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchased at the store - only on line.
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC      When I first got this computer, it really rocked.
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi.
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on.
Guess I'll stay away from HP.
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made.
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
I love this computer.
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
The only thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to.
Games being the main issue.
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I can't play it because its not compatable with the software.
Other than that I don't have one complaint in the world!
This computer periodically crashes (Office, IPhoto, Safari).
It takes a long time to get on the Web and to change Web Sites.
Locks up she searching for updates.
It seems that this computer might be a lemon.
I purchased my Macbook Pro Retina from my school since I had a student discount, but I would gladly purchase it from Amazon for full price again if I had too.
The Retina is great, its amazingly fast when it boots up because of the SSD storage and the clarity of the screen is amazing as well.
But if you buy this i would highly recommend that you buy a case and screen protector for this machine as they are known to be quite fragile.
Count me as extremely satisfied, it's a perfect computer.
I just bought this computer from the Apple Store, and I couldn't be more impressed with it.
It has a stunning retina display, and is very fast.
This computer is good for anything, and it has really superseded my high expectations.
Also, the sound quality from the speakers is crystal clear, and everything is just sleek and smooth.
The HD display is sensational, and now watching any movie is a very enjoyable experience for me.
No hardware issues, as is common with any Apple product.
Great product, and couldn't be happier with it.
awesome laptop, i love it
I love my new ThinkPad!
It gives me everything I need from a computer and with the long lasting battery, it also gives me mobility.
I can use it anywhere.
It was a great purchase.
All the sturdy and substantial feel you expect from a Thinkpad.
Average performance on almost every benchmark but priced accordingly.
Below average on the w-fi adapter which I'm still trying to get to the bottom of.
Great laptop.
Fast.
Works very well.
Would purchase again.
A good value for the money.
Quite pleased with it.
Fast enough for my purposes.
No bloatware from third party parasites to uninstall.
Excellent keyboard and crisp screen.
Battery could be better but it has robust processor and plenty of RAM so that is a trade off I suppose.
I'm glad to have it and it showed up in only a few days.
The laptop itself is very good, it could be better, but not bad at all for it's price point.
It does everything I need.
The big deal with this was Windows 7.
When I saw this I grabbed it.
It has met all my needs.
Just what I expected.
I don't have any complains about this computer
Outstanding laptop and very well built.
The retina display is fantastic.
One of the best thing i have bought in years.
Great PC, light and powerful.
Is just amazing.=)
The glare of the glossy-retina display is unbearable.
Do not buy a mac until this issue is resolved.
Performs as advertised, if not better!
Super light weight (I never cared either way about weight until now).
Feels like solid state.
WONDERFUL machine;
glad I bought it.
Tiny, forgivable drawback - no ethernet cable outlet.
But that's not a deal-breaker.
SUPER LAPTOP!!
Will probably get another one for my wife!
a bit ugly,but works good
I like the design rather sleek and light.
I will give advise any prospective buyers this is not great laptop, Its good for web browsing and word processing
Fantastic for the price - just wish it the keys were illuminated.
If your on a budget.... Save up longer.
This laptop isn't worth a single cent.
I couldn't even install linux on it.
Windows runs very poorly.
Just save your money and get something better.
awesome price for a laptop that lasts more than 8 hours without recharging!
awesome!
This laptop is a complete cheap junk.
By just looking at it you will realize it's crap.
It's not what you pay for.
The case is made from cheap plastic.
In the description it said there is Bluetooth but no there isn't.
I'm warning you, You're wasting your money on this
Love the computer.
Hate Windows 8.1!
It dosn't even have a disc compartment
Had to return the computer.
Keeps freezing
No ethernet outlet
Disc drive will not open or function
Odd - unusual Dell Commands
Would have exchanged instantly - but had to use as if for College immediately.
Unimpressed.
Terrific laptop.
Works beautifully.
great price.
just what we needed for our daughter to do her on line math class
This is a great home computer.
It is very, very quiet.
The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is, I feel I have to reach so far to type on the key board.
You also have to press firmly on the keys.
Otherwise this is a great computer great prices.
Was easy to set up and has been easy to learn to use it.
Works good and is fast enough for me.
Good product for a good price.
It was too cheaply constructed.
It also gave me an introduction to Windows 8, which I hope will be discontinued it the future.
The Computer Is Horrible Its To Slow.
The Thing That You Insert CDs Into Won't Open.
not a good computer at all.
We returned two days later.
They were excellent to handle our return and post our refund back into our account the next day.
Great price and computer!
They loved it.
It's easy to operate and it's very light (my parents are almost 60 yo, they can't carry a heavy computer while traveling).
But here's something I hadn't realized before buying it: there isn't an optical drive, which means NO CDs or DVDs!
This product was DOA.
Fired up and worked for the first day and then the display died on my wife while she was taking a timed test.
Would not recommend.
Pretty good laptop.
Good for basic stuff.
Don't try to use to play any pc games or anything.
Just for simple web browsing and media streaming.
Pretty premium feel for the low price.
I have so much trouble turning the computer on.
It comes on for seconds then shuts itself off.
My mistake was to not research this one, no DVD and no place to insert my ad card to download pictures.
I should have waited to find a higher quality computer.
i'm very happy,this laptop is beatifull, is'nt slow at all.
but it doesn't have a cd unit, anyway the other thing is that the laptop does not have an ethernet port for cable connecting.
just wifi....
the screen is big, and everything was as described
For everyday use, you can't really go wrong with this laptop.
If, like me, you will be paying bills, occasionally reading the news, or just buying stuff on line, Then this is a winner.
If you are a gamer or need it for heavy computer use, get something else.
It's a good starter computer that is extremely light on the wallet.
Like i said, Good for basic stuff and as a starter.
Still getting use to Window 8.
Has a built in camera which i do not use.
Sturdy but only for typical wear and tear.
Can not believe the price!
Amazing computer,  perfect for school.
I've had my Lenovo for a little over a month now and it does everything i want it to do and more.
i really have nothing negative to say about it.
The keyboard is a little wonky with having to use the Function button to get the F-keys but with how infrequently i use those it is a non-issue.
it is a great value for what you get.
i can run somewhat modern games like Skyrim and Fallout New Vegas with no issues.
I get giddy every time I use this thing.
It is a thing of beauty and fast enough.
When you click and don't wait.
So yes, it is ridiculously fast.
The battery will get you from LA to NY no problem.
THE 8.1.WAY DIFFERENT THAN MY OTHER COMPUTER SO WE HAVE TO GET USE  TO IT.
IT IS VERY LIGHT AND THE PICTURE IS NICE  AND THE PRICE WAS AMAZING.
CAN EVEN READMY KINDLE ON THIS COMPUTER
excellent item, shipped on time, met my expectations, it doesnt heat at all, dont use it for gaming
for the price this is a super product out of the box.
It wont wow you with its speed but who can complain at $249.
plus this computer comes with a full size keyboard.
NO junkware!!
This computer is great for someone who is looking to manage their online life(banling, facebook etc) and some basic offline work using MS Office.
the only drawback is no DVD player.. but for $20 you can buy an external one
Very light and beautiful.
It's just a little slow.
five starts
Terribly slow...
Start up time took forever everything runs very slowly.
Screen broke 1 month outside warranty.
Overall build quality is cheap.
Avoid Acer.
Not bad.
Nice and light, seems to help your work instead of becoming work itself.
Perfect size for me.
Probably not a gaming machine, which I have zero interest in.
i just love this ultrabook
i defenitly recommend it for anyone for office and home work
It's ok.
I find that it often gets very slow and I have to restart more than usual.
It's light and easy to use, though.
I love this computer, this is my first ever Mac (I'm 21) and it took a little while to switch over from the OS I was used to, but it was a fast learning curve.
The resolution is gorgeous, the computer is light, it does everything I need and the interface is pretty intuitive.
I love this computer!
However I am very upset that it doesn't have the superdrive built in!
Supper east to use.
Retina display is beautiful.
Also very quick laptop!
Con: Hate that it has no disk drive.
I am also glad it doesnt get too hot when left on for an extended period of time.
The battery life is good, even with using high profile software like Sibelius 7 for a good half of the day.
Wonderful, super fast, lightweight computer
The New Macbook pro working, good user experience, fast speed, faster start up time.
This is what I was looking for.
It has a wide screen and it's easy to use.
At my age, I need this kind of laptop.
Extremely slow.
A masterpiece of crap.
not durable .
slow processor, just not it
I can't use the Trackpad very well, it's too sensitive, so I hooked up a mouse.
External monitor worked easily.
Been using Lenovo ThinkPad Edge laptops in our business for several years now and have no complaints about any of them.
They have held up well not just in our sales department, but also in our service department where they are exposed to dust, exhaust, grease, oil, and all manner of other non-computer-friendly substances.
GENERAL, a quality laptop.
The Lenovo software that comes preinstalled may qualify as bloatware but is easily removed if you're not interested in it.
Windows 7 rocks.
Computer runs very slow!
Great Laptop!
Bigger screen than expected, laptop with a desktop design that is really nice to use for all types of usage, including programming/editing
One of the very few laptops still available with Win 7 Pro, multiple USB ports, and a DVD read/write drive.
Only drawback is no LED to show when the hard drive is being accessed.
Not a necessity, but something I've come to expect.
Does what I need it to do and the price was right!
Great laptop from Apple!
Apple is unrivaled in terms of build quality and functionality.
The retina screen is absolutely beautiful and the touchpad is the best touchpad to date.
The pair allow for seamless navigation throughout the whole interface.
Battery life is astonishing given the processing power and high resolution display.
I can easily get 10 hours out of a full charge.
Overall, a high quality laptop and a great value considering all this computer has to offer.
Well worth the extra cost.
Size is perfect and display is beautiful!
Excellent performance, especially given its price point.
The screen is wide and provides excellent clarity.
It is not a small, compact laptop, but I won't be traveling via air often, so its size and weight is not a problem for me.
I can appreciate why she recommended it!
Don't expect much in terms of performance from this laptop.
It gets the job done in terms of having a computer that can browse the web, use Word/Excel, and the like.
This laptop does NOT have an RJ-45 Ethernet adapter for wired network connection.
fast easy
So far I do not have any trouble with it other than the picture quality is a bit poor.
I have had it over a month now and it works just fine.
This laptop suits my needs: as i am currently studying online and just need a computer for that purpose.
My daughter uses it for college too and it works great for both of us.
So i gave this 4 stars but only because of the poor picture quality, other than that it is a great buy!
This laptop is absolutely horrible.
I bought it simply for Excel on Windows for work since I have a Macbook Air and literally the thing freezes and lags opening Excel or my web browser.
There is a chance mine is defective but regardless I'm not going to try another one this is a terrible product.
I'd much rather bite the bullet and spend a little more for a product that actually meets minimum computing expectations for 2014.
I appreciate the effort to hit affordable pricing Dell but just not worth it.
It is slow and complicated and very disappointing
Great labtop..
not as fast as I would have liked it to be but everything else is great!
I've only had this computer for a few days an I already don't like it.
The battery life is a joke and it's causing other problems.
I will be returning it.
If people are writing bad reviews about this laptop then believe what they say.
This is an ok computer.
The processor shows a speed of 1.7gz.
The sound is disappointing.
No bass sound at all.
Maybe this one is just a dud.
the computer is very wonderful.
was not aware it did not have a disk drive when i bought it or i would not of purchased it.
it does have a habit of restarting itself when you try to do the log in pw. but over all. im very satisfied.
its very fast and very light.
great product.
i am giviing it four stars instead of five because of no disk drive and the crashing
I absolutely love my Dell Inspiron!
It powers on/off very quickly, and it loads up automatically.
The mouse click is a bit loud, but it really isn't a problem.
For $250, I highly recommend!!
very poor quality lap top....
I am returning it...
Slow
GREAT value laptop!
I can't believe this was just $250
Speed is great, easy to set up and get going.
Very pleased so far.
It is very difficult to use this computer.
Too many steps to get anywhere and hard to set up
This things run smoothly for its price, and the battery life seems to go on forever.
I wasn't disappointed in its performance.
All in all, it's well worth its price tag.
Great laptop for the price.
It was nearly impossible to find a laptop that had A) a side keyboard.
B) a DVD/CD player.
C) a large hard drive instead of using the Cloud
D) was under $300 with shipping.
The only con is Windows effin 8.
Still giving it a 5 star rating because it is fast and a nice sized screen.
Great for web design and general work.
Overall good but processing power isn't very good.
W7 Pro with W8 pro upgrade is nice, but it frequently freezes for a few seconds here and there.
I replaced stock drive with WD Black 7K drive and is still quite slow.
Battery doesn't last long web browsing (2.5 hours maybe).
It has some bloat wear that I wish weren't there.
It works fine for a PC in this price range.
I bought it for my parents (late 60s) and they love it - particularly the keyboard and screen.
Terrific value for the money.
Love the key layout and the built-in mouse pad - all work well and are properly sized.
Highly recommended.
works good but doesn't seem like it's made sturdy.
kinda to light and plastic feeling.
Killer computer.
I would highly recommend this computer it is FAST!!!
Doesn't have touch screen but I have a tablet so that wasn't so important.
Look and feel is good.
I am experiencing the system little slower than what I have expected.
And processor feels pressured even though I run medium scale programs, watching the way exhaust speed increases.
The hdd has a scratching noise.
The system sometimes lags a lot.
I don't like it at all...
I can't put a protector to make presentation...
A good value on a quality product.
Easy setup, and delivers all the functions we need.
This laptop is amazing!
Despite the fact that there's no optical drive, everything is perfect.
The screen resolution is crystal clear, the speakers are amazing, and the track pad is easy to use.
The home page/startup is easy to navigate which is the one thing I was mainly concerned about.
Internet is fast and reliable, battery life lasts a long time.
I love this laptop!
LOOKS LIKE THIS DELL IS A PIECE OF CRAP.
IT DOES NOT TURN ON - IF I TAKE THE BATTERY OUT IT MIGHT WORK, NOT SURE IF IT'S A BAD BATTERY OR COMPUTER!
DO NOT RECOMMEND!
Awesome laptop!
Bootup time is amazing, battery life is decent and it has a great slim form factor.
There is somewhat of a learning curve, but the operating system, and hardware of this Mac are great.
More than enough for my use.
The display is vibrant and clear, the keyboard is well designed and pleasant to type on;
I even installed a windows partition to be able to run Windows software.
Things just work, they are fluid, easy to use and understand, fast and work well.
This computer is absolutely perfect for web browsing, watching video, word processing, and that's about it.
If you want a computer that plays games or any advanced tasks like editing video, this computer is NOT for you.
Now when I say don't expect to play games on it, I mean it.
Pretty much every major game save for Solitare won't even play on it due to the slower processor.
Its also worth noting that there no bluetooth, no mircophone jack, no ethernet, no dvd/cd drive/burner, and no usb 3.0 ports.
It DOES come with two usb 2.0 ports, a hdmi port, and a webcam.
The webcam is nothing special, its there if you need it.
Don't expect it to take good pictures or video.
The battery is pretty soild.
It lasts up to 5-6 hours with normal use.
The computer itself runs very quiet and is mostly cool to the touch.
The only major negative to me is Windows 8.1 (though YMMV) and the Dell crapware installed.
Not bad for the price.
I needed an inexpensive laptop to do basic office work on that was lightweight and this fits the bill just fine.
Performance wise, it's a bit slow, but that's to be expected from a Celeron-class processor.
I'm also not a fan of Windows 8, but fortunately I can install whatever I want on the laptop without issue.
Love everything about this laptop!
Sound, quality and touchscreen are awesome!
I would definitely recommend this!!
I love this laptop to the moon.
My favorite colors black and red, the matte material and the red backlight of the keyboard.
The sound is great and it's fast.
The laptop is beautiful, not extremely light but thin enough and wide screen with a full keyboard.
The touch screen response is fast and it picks up bluetooth and wifi FAST.
Microsoft Office is a 30 day trial, a number of games and apps are already preloaded.
It's exactly like the picture and I AM SATISFIED.
Great laptop light and very versatile
it was easy to set up.
I like the number pad for work so that's nice
This is going to be random and unorganized, but here are my thoughts on the laptop:So far so good after a month.
It took some getting used to on the Widows 8.1, after being an XP user for many years.
Everything seems to be running smoothly.
Only downfall is the preloaded McAfee and other software.
They are fine while the free subscription is going, but a pain when they start asking you to spend money every time you login.
Device is light weight, quiet during operation and produces little to no heat.
It has a quick start up and shut down time.
The display is good quality.
Just wish there were more USB ports.
I AM IMPRESSED WITH THIS COMPUTER, INEXPENSIVE BUT QUALITY.
LOVE THE SIZE, I AM USING THIS FOR WORK, I AM A NURSE AND HAVE TO CHART DAILY, THIS IS EASY TO USE AND I HAVE NOT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT.
It's so damn good I bought 2 :D
If you're the type of person that just likes to browse the Internet and enjoy media and do light work with Microsoft office, this is the laptop for you.
Don't expect it to be a champion performer so if you want to play games or whatever this is not the computer for you.
It's extremely light weight and slim because of the lack of an optical drive (who uses those anymore anyways) so it easily fits into any college students bag.
I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't need much out of a computer.
I am very happy with this computer.
It is exactly what I expected, and the price is excellent!
You are getting what you pay for and in my opinion, it is worth more.
Been using it for about 4 hours now and it seems plenty fast and does everything I need it to do.
Its a very basic laptop.
I thought it would have a CD-rom drive, but there isnt one.
Also wish it had a port to plug an internet cord into it because sometimes my wifi router likes to not work.
But for the price its good.
Other than the slow CPU it works great for everyday use.
Heavy gaming is definitely not it's strong point.
The cover is a soft rubber texture without the friction.
Slick design and looks great.
The machine is easy to use, has the power it needs for personal use and some light professional work.
It could be lighter, but couldn't everything.
The battery seems adequate for most uses ~ 4.5 hour use/charge.
Screen is clear and bright.
Glad it has the DVD drive.
Perfectly adequate.
Great PC.
The i7 is incredibly fast, the RAM makes it proper for several games (not on maximum quality).
Great sound quality too.
Nice laptop.
I use it for school, its quick and has everything I need on it.
Good battery life as well.
Wifi card not working right out of the box.
Dealing with HP support is a ridiculous and painful experience.
I have spent more than 2.5 hours on the phone with them (over 4 different calls), only to get no where.
Now I'm looking into the return process, which I'm sure will just be loads of fun, if my prior experience is any indication.
Seriously, save yourself the hassle and purchase from a different company.
Used to love HP products, but this has soured me on the whole company.
By far the best laptop I've ever had.
Its fast, powerful, screen display is top notch and the battery life is excellent for a laptop of this size.
My only concern is that since the battery is not external, I will not be able to change it out once it starts not to hold a good charge over a length of time.
I wonder if thats just Apples way of saying its time to get the newest and greatest laptop 3-4 years from now lol.
The product is average and works well.
Works at a decent speed.
The mouse pad however is very loud which is why i gave it four stars.
I had a great experience purchasing my Dell Inspiron i3531-1200BK 15.6-Inch Laptop.
My laptop was easy to set-up, and I've had no problems to date.
Did not disappoint me at all.
Lenovo is the best laptop.
Built in mike is really poor and unusable for Skype or any other purpose.
And the only microphone input is for a combo Mike/Speaker plug.
So to communicate I need to wear ear plugs or a headset with a built-in mike.
That's a nuisance for family Skype calls...only one can speak at a time.
We haven't used it enough or had it long enough to give it 5 stars, but so far it has been a very good laptop.
Several other reviewers made comments on the keyboard and now I can understand why --- this keyboard is the nicest to use of any laptop we've ever owned.
I'm a life-long desktop computer user, and the keyboard on this laptop is as close to a "normal" keyboard as I've ever seen.
We like this new laptop -- a lot!
Very good performer for the price.
Not blazing fast, but quick enough.
One really nice thing about Lenovo laptops is that they are not cluttered with a bunch or trial software.
The desktop was clean once I got it up and running.
Battery life is above average, and it charges quickly.
Keyboard is sturdy.
The touch pad takes a little getting used to as the "click" buttons are on top instead of the bottom.
I will be considering Lenovo for all future laptop purchases.
This lap top is good so far.
It is quiet runs smoothly.
I really like the video option on it, I stream movies on Amazon Prime and Netflix and there is no lag.
The only negative would be that it gets pretty warm sitting on my lap for very long, but that is pretty much standard for all lop tops I think.
it stopped working 31 days after purchase.
it was slow and might be problematic.
i would shop around for a better one.
CRASHED only 2 days from getting it!!!!
Says it is failing hard drive.
I should have bought something better.
The PC is works well with a good battery and a power cable, and has a web cam.
However, it does not have a DVD drive, neither does it afford one the opportunity to connect an external DVD drive as the manufacturer did not make any point ofconnection of an external drive.
Other than a hate of windows 8, she just loves it.
The plastic materials are rather cheap.
LOVE IT!
NEEDS MORE INSTRUCTIONS WITH IT
I'm very happy with my Acer, it does just for what I need it.
Even the sound is fantastic
I love this laptop.
Even my extremely tech savvy boyfriend was impressed with the features and sleek design.
Although I've had it for less than a week, I am very satisfied.
Functions well.
Does all that was advertised.
If it had a 4,5 star option, that is what I would give.
The build is perfect, the screen fantastic, but I do have a bit of a problem with the fact that I have to buy adaptors for nearly everything, from vga cables to ethernet cables, so, almost perfect...
1.Great display.
Love the color accuracy.
2.Very decent speakers.
3.Fairly fast.
4.Loud fan when watching 4K video off YouTube.
Sounds like a washer.
Machine gets fairly hot near the bottom of the screen.
Battery power laptop had difficulties computing.
6.Still feels too heavy to me.
Could lose another pound or two.
7.Expensive.
Paid close to $2800 out the door.
Biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased.
This clunker however stopped working after only two weeks of having it delivered.
It would have a full charge yet would turn itself off for no explainable reason after being on for 5 minutes.
The second one, after a little over a month, refused to turn on even with a full charge.
What a lemon!!
This is a big disappointment.
I only use a laptop for personal use, but this one can't even handle that!
It takes a long time to load any page.
I've had it for a minth and so far it's shut down completely 3 times.
I have had Dell Desktops for years, so had no qualms about buying a Dell laptop.
Never again.
I've always sworn by dell.
So with this new order, all the upgrades and windows 8 really caught my eye and I got this for the long haul.
I am not ultra tech savvy but I can tell when it works slow!
I barely have any files or downloads and its almost impossible to get this thing to load.
I'm so disappointed.
In two months, both the power cord pin broke (the company replaced it) and then the CD drive literally jumped out of the laptop unannounced and shattered into a million pieces.
In addition, no matter what I do to change the settings, add/delete Flash, etc., Firefox hangs on start-up.
It seems like Lenovo also makes weird choices about which side to put the powercord and other slots on.
The cords always feel like they are in my way.
One positive aspect of this laptop is the keyboard, which is larger than usual.
It's a pleasure to type on.
My final thoughts: if you are a Mac user, stay away.
If you want to travel with this laptop, don't buy it.
It's clunky, heavy, and a pain to start up and shut down.
Great for games
It's truly a great laptop for the price.
However, this laptop far exceeded my expectations when I bought it for college, I only use Malwarebytes and Microsoft Security Essentials, run a virus scan maybe once a week and it has ran smoother than butter for the past two years.
For $250, which is as much as my graphics card alone cost, this laptop is an incredible value.
It is quite impressive at multitasking, which really surprised me.
I can have tabs open while playing YouTube videos and it handles it impressively well.
BUT I should tell you that this laptop does not have the best screen, it's certainly good enough for the average person, but if you're used to good screens this may bother you a bit, but it's certainly not unbearable by anyone's standards.
If you want to game, this thing can handle League of Legends on medium-low settings, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for gaming.
Overall, a great laptop for simply doing basic things and web-browsing.
Would definitely recommend for those who are "technologically ignorant"
this computer is very slow
I love this laptop!
It does everything I need it too!
Very good price.
Very nice computer
Immediately didn't like the track buttons.
They are loud and clunky but I figured I'd get used to it.
The laptop died two days after I received it.
I purchased a  Dell Inspiron I3531-1200BK and so far I love it, this model has a true life monitor, which is worth the extra bucks.
If you're looking for a basic PC this is the way to go.
The hinges on this PC are nice and tight and well made like the rest of the PC.
I was surprised  at  the overall quality and the price
In all my life i have never come across a computer as slow as this one, it cant perform basic operations and is practically useless.
I just received the laptop and if it runs like this already cant imagine how it would work in the next couple of weeks.
It took almost 20 minutes to boot up.
Please people dont make the same mistake i did.
This is a complete waste of money, dont let the price fool you!
Would be a very nice laptop if the mousepad worked properly.
It was not responsive at all to touch.
And while tapping the mousepad to try to get it to work, your palm would inevitably touch the side which would pull up the side windows and block your ability to find the mouse.
If they can fix this, I think it would be a very nice, cost-effective laptop.
This laptop broke within the first hour of use.
The 'A' key became jammed so that sometimes it wouldn't press in.
Dell claims they test each key with thousands of mechanical key strokes.
Also, after restarting the laptop it constantly made high pitched electronic noises.
I'm sure I just got a bad egg, but instead of getting a replacement I decided to try a different one.
This laptop is nice.
It has a decent feel to it, sharp display and is fast enough.
The biggest problem I have is the right side and top of the touchpad is unresponsive.
I have updated the drivers and tweeked every feature available, but nothing has helped.
Also, the touchpad is almost 'sticky', which kind of defeats the purpose of a touchpad.
I would love to keep this laptop, but will be sending it back and looking for a different brand.
No Lenovo for me.
Initially I liked the product so much.
Although it was slow but I felt it was ok for the price you have bought it.
But now I am having battery problems.
Laptop automatically shuts down when battery life reaches 30%.
I am not satisfied with the product.
It's an amazing laptop.
Most of the things about the laptop is awesome except the touchpad.
The laptop is fast.
The Windows 8.1 used to boot in just 2s and that was freaking awesome.
Now I have dual booted my laptop to Windows 8.1 and Ubuntu 14.04 and it's not got too slow either.
I am loving it completely.
It does make a little noise but that's alright as it's not too much.
It doesn't get heated up much even after continuous usage.
But the  touchpad is soooooooooo big that whenever I am typing, my palm touches some part of it and then the cursor goes somewhere else and it's really annoying.
I prefer typing without having to see the keyboard but due the large touchpad, i always have to type cautiously as my hand might take me somewhere else.
A smaller touchpad would make life easier for Computer Science students or IT people much more easier.
Uhhhhhh, the computer looks good.
But, it works really slowwwwww!!!
It has got me feel like to take years to successfully open a web page.
Purchased it for my birthday and love it!
I'm so glad that I have.
It's been a very easy transition moving my Windows created files over to the Mac.
So far I haven't lost any quality or information.
I have a little bit of a learning curve with the keyboard shortcuts.
But other than that, I really am loving the quality and speed.
Expensive but worth it.
The display has a great resolution but have difficulty always seeing the small print.
Haven't quite figured out how to make the font size larger overall.
This is without a doubt the worst laptop I've ever had.
And of course, the return window closed last week so now, I'm stuck with it.
I will never buy another Lenovo anything!
Unless you plan on using a mouse with this laptop, don't buy this.
The touchpad hasn't worked correctly since delivery though in the beginning, I thought perhaps it was just a bit of a quirk since most touchpads I've worked with have some inherent oddities.
This one however, is now very loose and I have to either tap hard or repeatedly push to click in order for it to work, Then suddenly, I can barely touch it at all and it clicks on its own.
Today, it hasn't worked at all more than it has.
It hangs, freezes and just isn't working properly.
I have now been waiting almost a minute for the computer management window to open!
Though I don't have much installed, I only have 96 of the 278G left!
I have no idea what's taking up all the room, it doesn't make sense.
I could go on and on, but suffice it to say, if you want to spend $400+ on a laptop, don't buy this one!
It's definitely not worth the money.
Very fast and good for most steam games.
Don't expect great graphics, though.
The keyboard and sound are great, and the matte screen works well.
Can run CS:GO at 60 fps on low settings.
Computer was DOA.
Turned it on and it was beeping.
I love this laptop.
Looks good , well built, and very good speed.
Needed a 2 usb adapt. for network plug, no problem.
Keyboard is nice and windows 8.1 is great, worried about that coming from xp.
Price makes this the laptop I was looking for.
So far I am very happy with this computer.
It has everything I wanted-- built in Wi-Fi connectibility, a slot for my SD camera memory card, a DVD burner, big beautiful screen, plenty of USB ports (three 3.0 and one 2.0), and a keyboard with a nice touch.
I liked the fact that it came with Windows 7, but also included Windows 8 to install later if I need it.
The price was good.
I use a wireless mouse, but the touch pad and the "red button" in the middle that works like a little "joystick" also work fine.
I wish I had bought this sooner!
This is a great bargain.
Yes, it's running and old type processor so, hey, don't even try gaming on it.
But, if you are just an average user, it works really great.
The screen is good, the whole things is very light and doesn't run hot.
I'm very happy with it, typing on it right now and it is fast enough for that!
I like everything about this laptop.
It has no way of connecting to the internet save wifi but that's all I use anyway!
I put that free app on for word processing and it works like a charm.
I plugged it into my existing printers and it just worked, no fuss no muss.
It immediately recognized the printer and was ready to go.
Excellent buy.
The worst computer I have ever laid my eyes upon.
Firstly, it has no leds to let you know what is going on, no cap lock, no hard drive indicator, nothing.
Ok, one light to let you know if the damn thing is on.
The biggie though is the fact that it disconnects from the internet whenever if feels like it, even when the strength bar is filled.
Also, when you try to download a large file, like a video, it will start out normally, downloading at around 600kb/sec and over the course of a couple of minutes will slow waaaaaay down to around 20kb/sec, making a download of a couple minutes into several hours making it worthless.
Too often I would find it not being able to stay connected to the internet.
I was unable to download iTunes to it.
Dell support was awful to deal with.
And the settings are simply annoying.
Just not for me.
The computer is as expected, and worth the money.
The 8.1 windows is a major disappointment.
Operating a non touch screen on this system is a royal pain!
It came with no instruction book - no back up CD's and has already crashed.
Hands down one of my best and most used purchases thus far.
The Mid-2014 MacBook Pro does no disappoint...
Retina screen, solid build quality, weight, fast processor and the reliability of the Apple brand.
Cons:Honestly zero con's ... as a Windows PC user the switch over was seamlessly,  I run Parallel when I need Windows.
All my devices work flawlessly.
I'm an amature, so this does more than I can handle.
I'm perfectly satisfied, just have to get use to the new 6.1 system I can't see a problem.
I' doi9ng fine now, and happy as a bug.
The price is great and it does everything I want to do,  Thanks.
It's perfect!
It's great for what he uses it for.
I am really not happy with this computer...
I don't like WINDOWS 8 but that is no fault of the computer but the keyboard is so hard to get the keys to work and the space bar.
Would not buy it again.
Meh...but cheap.
The first thing I can say for positive is that the laptop is very light- makes it really portable..this with a relatively clear screen is a bonus.
Now the graphics are not HD...and the reason that it is light is that it is really basic (medium low grade) plastic.
So if you don't have kids, or not in high school or don't accidently sit on it, it should be fine.
Now the speed is disappointing.
Start up is fine  maybe 20 secs at most, but then to get pages to load on internet is molasses at times.
Even for a 4GB RAM it barely chugs with 3 tabs open.
All in all I wish I had waited a bit.
This laptop is amazing!
Windows 8.1 has its pros and cons.
The keyboard is backlit but you have to press the F5 key to turn it on.
Of course this will decrease your battery life.
The sound is very nice and crisp.
Also, I have no regrets about going with the 8GB RAM because its super fast.
I'm still exploring the various features but overall I am satisfied with my purchase.
The HP Envy 15 has been everything I expected.
After doing much research for a laptop that had all the features I was looking for, This one hit all the criteria I had.
The laptop is very responsice with the Core i7 processor and 8GB of RAM and the sound out of the Beats audio is great.
I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a top performing laptop.
used 6 times black screen returned for refund
do not use the facial recognition
Windows 8 is not supported by a lot of things!
The Dell is quick enough, sturdy, not good with finger prints.
It does what it advertises.
Price is great, wish it didn't have Windows 8, but that is an opinion.
I would recommend it, for anybody needing a reliable simple laptop.
I bought this for my daughter to use for school and homework, it's not a "fast" computer, but it's great for what she needs it for and very light weight!
Love the price too!
Well, my first apple computer and I am impressed.
Works well, fast and no reboots.
Glad I did so far.
s.... L .... o..... w....  rea......llllyy  slow.
like seriously  - really slow.
impossible to use.
cant even read properly.
plus - no russian input ??  wtf
What a great laptop, I can run my games and work really fast.
Really light you can carry with you everywhere.
Great battery life.
Everything at a very great price.
I completely recommend it.
Excellent value and a must buy for someone looking for a Macbook.
You can't get any better than this price and it come with an internal disk drive.
Plus you get 500GB which is also a great feature.
Also, the resale value on this will keep.
I highly recommend you get one before they are gone.
Got this on black friday with a very good discount and couldn't be happier.
The screen is great, I don't see the need for a retina display.
I also really like the addition of the SD Card slot.
This Macbook Pro is AMAZING!
If you are afraid of it not having a disc player please don't be.
I love the new high retina display, and because this computer lacks a disc player it makes it significantly lighter.
Overall, this is a fast, light, practical computer and I highly recommend it.
I bought my Macbook Pro in October of 2012 and 2 years later it still works as flawless as ever!
I've never had any problems with the computer itself (The Macbook charger chords are another story, though).
I tried not to jump on the Apple bandwagon, but... you're just living in denial if you don't.
Happy buying!
Bought this laptop from best buy in January 2015.. still loving it.
I can use it as a tablet,as a laptop, as whatever I want to!
I play Sims 4 and 3 on it all the time, with very little issues.
The thing wakes up super fast and is always ready to go.
Music/videos sound great and look great.
I use it everyday.
My favorite computer I've ever had!
This computer overall is great!
it runs fast!
ships fast!
etc. but the company and seller lied to you and try to make an extra buck!
I bought this pc to play games and stream movies! it could handle all of that but my friend wanted me to put some music on a cd!
I could see the disk drive on the side but it didn't seem to have a button on it?
A DISK DRIVE WITH BUTTONS ON IT!!!!!!
And he said&quot; this computer does not have a disk drive and I was furious!
So beware buyer, this computer has a useless piece of plastic on it.
Thank you asus.(they don't deserve to be capitalized)
Great computer.
Very great Apple product as expected.
Good battery life.
Great color on screen.
Good speakers from laptop computer.
My new laptop is great.
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.
I have to admit that the operating system is different and does take time to learn but I like it.
I would recommend it to anyone.
This laptop is fine for those applications and basic websurfing.
The speakers are fairly basic, so this is probably not the computer to buy if your main aim is streaming music or watching movies.
The touchpad is a little &quot;clunky&quot; for my taste; I use a small external mouse with laptops  in any event.
I appreciate the relatively large keyboard (with number pad) and screen size.
I also found the track pad irritating until I disabled &quot;pinch zoom.&quot;
This is larger laptop, but is not too heavy.
Battery life is great - though it is new.
Overall, a solid laptop for its price.
However, a few things are immediately occurring to me  I had read the other reviews here on amazon, but decided the specs and appearance looked good enough to go ahead.
Well, my first impressions are that its OK, it certainly boots up quickly (thanks SSD!), and from the limited use so far (no games) its fast enough in normal usage.
It certainly looks nice, but that nice dark blue top is a fingerprint magnet as others have pointed out.
Also I have found the touch pad to be awkward to use (could be I am pressing too hard perhaps), and the screen is    well   underwhelming.
To be honest I am a little disappointed and considering returning it.
This is a horrible laptop.
Within a day of usage, it already slowed down significantly, virus entered the system right away.
It's heavy.
I regretted immediately.
Nothing like the description says.
My Apple mac book pro has crashed three times, since I purchased it.
Each time, Apple can only uninstall to original factory settings for me to start over.
I believe this MacBook Pro was a lemon right out the gate.
:(
This computer is like...  I'm lost for words.
This is the best switch I have ever done.
This has much more memory and ram memory.
Even the battery life is like WOW!
I love, LOVE, LOOOOVE!
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.
It contains a long battery life, incredible specs, and an overall enjoyable performance.
Upgrading from a toshiba laptop, I am fully impressed with all of the benefits that the mac operating system provides.
The snappy processor allows for me to quickly upload photos and videos, as well as create movies for me and my colleagues to enjoy.
In upgrading to this computer I can say I have found little to any flaws in the product, hence the 5 star review.
Love this computer.
It has done everything and more that I expected.
I am sure it will be able to do all I need it to do in the future as well.
The screen looks great in my opinion the sound is nice.
So far I have no complaints and dont expect many complaints in the future.
This did give some set trouble and i had to call tech support.
They were great.
its been easy breezy since then.
how could you not love a Mac
so far so good, i have not encountered any issues with this computer.
love the flip feature and the touch screen feature.
for the price that i paid i feel that i got good value.
this lap top is not the lightest you can purchase, so if that is important to you maybe you should shop some more.
To a prospective buyer,  08/10/2012  Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.
Was the best decision we ever made.
It runs just as fast as the day we got it with no problems!
We don't have to de-frag, deliete cookies, run security programs, or any of the common PC problems that have to be delt with in order to keep you running and up to speed.
You can't get a virus on Mac, so in the long run the cost of the Mac is saved by not buying security, and not having to replace your computer every year or two.
Never had any issues, no frustrations just great easy wireless, all in one fun!
It's great.
because it is a touch screen you don't even need a mouse.
You will probably never use it in tablet mode but it's nice to know you have that option.
If you draw on the other hand i'm sure you will love using this in tablet mode.
Lastly, because it can flip 360 you can comfortably lay down in bed and have the keyboard facing down as you watch a show closer without having to adjust your sitting position for the keyboard.
This computer is great.
I have a 250 GB SSD and 10 GB of RAM in it, which I installed myself.
It runs faster than it did when I got it.
I enjoy the simplicity and user-friendly interface of Yosemite.
I'm excited for El Capitan.
The apps are very easy to use.
The resolution is excellent.
I am very satisfied with EVERYTHING about this machine.
Like so many others who do this there is a learning curve and I'm excited to do it.
This MBP is clean, neat, and simple.
I like that.
It takes less time to power up, and if you just close the case it go into sleep mode.
WHen you open it wakes up almost immediately.
Very nice.
I am pleased with my decision, however I have only had this for a few weeks.
There are a few things I am dissappointed with though.
Only 2 USB ports.
No HDMI port.
The headphones jack is a combo jack for the headphones and microphone.
Not a big deal for me, but if you Skype a lot or are gaming a regular headphone set with a separate jack for the headphone sound and microphone input will not work on a Mac.
As a student majoring computer science, I really fell in love with this laptop.
It's 15.6 inches, which for me is not too big nor too small.
It has the latest i7 CPU with a GTX 950M for GPU, which makes this laptop blazing fast (boots up in under 5 seconds, with the help of the SSD of course).
- It has 256GB SSD which is just enough for my OS, games, documents, and anything in between.
It also has an extra bay for an extra HDD if you wish to add one.
- It's not touchscreen!
- Its keyboard is nicely arranged, silent, and back-lit which is nice, but what I don't like about it is the material attracts oil from your fingers.
I have to clean it regularly for it to stay looking good.
- This laptop is so silent, its fans only kick in when the laptop is under heavy load, thanks to the 5th generation Intel core which draws less power,  thus less heat.
- It can run games really well.
Well, not really well.
MOBAs like Dota 2 and SMITE can be run on max quality settings with 60 fps or more.
Medium settings on titles like Tomb Raider for it to be acceptable (60 fps is the minimum acceptable fps #pcmasterrace).
- It's lightweight and easy to carry around.
- The screen is a matte 1080p display, which is nice, but with poor viewing angle.
I find myself adjusting it regularly.
- It looks sleek and gorgeous.
Blends in with any accessory you use with it.
All in all I am very happy with this purchase.
And with this price, I don't think you can buy anything better.
All I can say is I am impressed.
Very quick to get it up and running with a minimum setup time right after you open the box.
It's worth it.
Pay me now, Pay me later.........I am happy with my choice going with this laptop.
I was disappointed.
It seemed like a great computer and a great deal.
The first one arrived and it did not work.
The space bar sticks.
I find it hard to navigate from screen to screen.
For a non-computer savvy person, it was very disappointing.
I like the 13 inch macbooks.
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.
The new Mac OS Mountain Lion has some nice features as wel as the trackpad.
I didn't think i would need an optical drive but since i have had it I used it several times.
The magnetic lid and charger is cool and battery indicator on the side is cool.
The mac is light and so compact I thought I would regret not buying a retina display, not in the least The mac pro works just fine.
The OS is easy, and offers all kinds of surprises.
I've been using Apple's since 1992 and this is the fastest and best one I've  had.
This Mac allows all of that.
This is very fast, high performance computer.
This should be more than  enough computer for almost everyone.
I would not hesitate recommending  this to anyone.
It fast and easy to set up.
I had cloned my data from my old computer using  Carbon Copy Cloner (CCC) and simply moved everything to the new computer  and was off and running at speeds I had only dreamed up before.
The Mac book pro is a computer for the disorganized, lazy, and eye candy person in all of us.
The MacBook pro already understands how to jump through hoops and acts more like a friendly guide.
If you want to use the Internet, then you can make your icons jump out from the bottom of the screen, like a magnifying glass is projecting onto the selected icon.
This computer is amazing for the individual who does not want to do any extra work via their understanding of their laptop.
I would've given 5 stars, had it not been for the hours of updates I've had to do to this upon arrival.
Other than that, I love it.
It's portable, reliable, and great for what I use it for.
Positives:  - No matter what position, this laptop will stay in it.
It's very sturdy.
- Quick boot-up, and runs efficiently.
- Touchscreen is great.
Negatives:  - As aforementioned, my only con was the updates.
Everything you'd expect from a Mac.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
The screen definition is superb and it fires up super quick and same to close down.
Only had it a few weeks but doesn't leave my side.
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.
Out of all the laptops I have owned, this is by far the best!
I'm not sure if it was covered in the description, but it does have a backlit keyboard and I'm getting about an 8 hour battery life on one charge (Except I don't use this for games or videos, which obviously would drain the battery faster).
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
The screen has an extremely high resolution that I'm very pleased with.
Even though MacBooks are expensive, you will see that they are well worth the money.
You will not regret buying this computer!
My daughter's MacBook Air battery bulged deforming the keyboard several days ago.
It took 3 days to make an appointment at the local Apple store.
I'm not sure what happened next but she came back home crying with a piece of paper in her hand $129 for a new battery, $39 to replace it and $139 for a new keyboard.
I could not believe they did not consider the battery as defective so I went to the Apple store myself and asked for a manager.
He explained to me the battery expansion is 'normal'.
Apple doesn't cover battery expansion under any circumstances not even under their Apple Care.
The battery is simply considered 'consumable' and NOT covered.
I asked the manager if he feels comfortable with me posting the picture of the MacBook Air on the internet with the description that Apple doesn't consider the product defective.
His reply astonished me, looking down at me behind his thick glasses he said: 'Make sure you have your facts straight before you smear!
He didn't specify who are 'they' but from the tone of his voice and his 6'5' posture it indicated something between the SWAT team and a bunch of LAWYERS.
Here is my take on all of this, the business model Apple pushes right now is to get some cheap junk from China, hire a bunch of cheerleaders straight out of high school, call them geniuses, and bully everybody who complains about their product.
Steve Jobs is dead, so is Apple.
No more Apple devices in my household.
Please Google 'MacBook battery bulge explode' before you buy your next Apple toy.
I've been spoiled by the build quality and stability of Macintosh and even this used computer is a gem.
I can bat around all the things that everyone else says, but it's been what we've been using for decades and I have nothing bad to say.
It churns out HD content, runs without many flaws and I've yet to get a virus on a Mac since I started using the platform in the early 1990's.
My 15&amp;#34; MacBook's motherboard fried but I think that was a sugar spill that I never bothered cleaning up.
That's the only issue I've ever had since working on Macs in 1995.
That's a pretty impressive track record don't you think?
However, the HP Envy has definitely met all of my expectations and more.
I have been thoroughly impressed with my purchase thus far and do not regret purchasing it at all.
While the price may seem high, it is worth every penny with its many perks.
The Pros:  A Ton of Storage Space- This laptop comes with 8GB of memory and a 1 TB (1000GB) hard drive.
That is plenty of space for your laptop, which really comes in handy for college students and computer gamers.
2-in-1 Capability- The ease of switching this laptop into a tablet is a huge plus.
If you are looking to get a 2-in-1 laptop, this is the laptop you should consider.
I love the flexibility of being able to fold it over like a tent and watch movies, without having the keyboard in the way of things.
I find it much easier to type on and much more durable.
Battery Life- My battery life is really good with this laptop and I have had no problems with it thus far.
I can usually go about 10 hours before I get down to 10% battery life.
The Cons:  No Disc Drive- Call me old fashioned, but I still enjoy listening to physical CDs and uploading them to iTunes.
However, I can no longer do this because this laptop does not contain a disc drive.
Overall, I definitely would recommend this product to any college student that is in the market for a new laptop.
The touchscreen and 2-in-1 capability is a huge bonus and it is really easy to carry around to your classes.
It also is nice to be able to play Candy Crush or Angry Birds when in between classes straight from your laptop.
It makes it much more exciting to play!
I'm actually writing this review on my new MacBook and I love it!
The computer it self is amazing.
It is an older model, so know that upfront, but it is everything I was looking for.
From the moment I received this MacBook it was like a dream come true.
I know once I upgrade the ram to 8GB it will pick up a lot.
Also, if after reading some reviews and doing some research I found out that this laptop is easily upgradable and easy to work on which is another big plus.
So long story short, if you want an oldie but a goodie this is your laptop.
I know people were complaining that it isn't the newest model, but it all depends on what you are looking for.
I highly recommend!!
This computer is a fantastic tool for word processing, searching the internet, and keeping track of everyday life.
It's also incredibly light, has a battery that can last for days, and looks like a piece of art.
Though, that's pretty much what your paying for -- a well designed device.
When you look at the internal specs, the computer is only worth about $500.
It has a 128 GB storage capacity (but with the option of a 256 GB hard drive) and a 1.6GHz dual-core Intel Core i5, so don't expect to be gaming on this computer and make sure you pick up an external hard drive too.
If your looking to be a trendy hipster who can't live without a Mac, it's a great buy.
It mixes a great balance between the spec that are needed and what you don't need.
Pros :  1. Nice Looks.
2. Keyboard is great
I wanted a simple Full HD display and this one does its job
4. Sound is great
5. And this has a extra slot for HDD
6. No CD drive.
Cons:  1. Web cam.
VGA really ASUS??
You don't want to show this to anyone :).
Anyway I don't use webcam much so , I don't care
2. Viewing angles are not great.
3. Remember its a dual core.
4. The fan kicks in even its not too hot.
5. I found the track pad not great.
I use my mouse so not a problem for me.
Over all very good system and worth it.
This was the ONLY tablet-style computer so far which met my requirements.
I was seduced by this computer, so I took it home.
The wireless keyboard (not bluetooth, but RF) did not pair up with the device.
It still did not pair.
I even ran it as Administrator -- still no effect.
I used the Ctrl-Esc keys while turning on, and still nothing.
It flickers briefly to green before the light goes out.
I still can't pair it.
I don't want to carry around a bluetooth keyboard for a computer whose keyboard is nonfunctional.
Sony can eat the cost from the seller on this one while I get my money back for a DEFECTIVE product.
But Sony doesn't seem to have addressed it.
My first Mac computer and as many before me I just fall in love with it.
Changed the memory from 4 GB to 8 GB Corsair Vengeance and 500 GB HDD (5400 rpm) with Seagate hybride 750 GB HDD+SSD.
Machine is flying and with parallels desktop 8 I have my old PC notebook completely functional on my MBP.
Way to go and enjoy both worlds.
This ASUS you're looking at right here, and that I'm typing on right now, has one.
-  With that being said, for the price ($800!), you get a nice fast laptop, but if you ask me, it's missing some things that I feel should be automatically included:
This laptop has no:  - Touchscreen  - Optical Drives (OK, a bit of a stretch, because that would eat up precious space in this monster)  - Swivel or detachable screen
What this laptop does have is:  - Windows 8, which is confusing as all get-out  - Tons of &amp;#34;bloatware&amp;#34;.
This is really nice, but I HATE the awkward right mouse clicking.. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.. may be the laptop, may be the laptop in conjunction with Windows 8? 
Either way, highly annoying.
I hooked up a USB mouse and all is well.
All works beautifully but Windows 8 is taking a bit of getting used to.
Love the 360 degree rotation and the touch screen works great, but a little bit of a learning curve there too, as sometimes I have to tap a few times to get the exact location I need...
overall it is just my learning a few things than any downfall with the laptop (the mouse was the only negative I could really see)...
This is a fantastic transformer!
I loved playing with it and the touchscreen was great for the windows 8 platform.
The only reason I returned it was because I bought it to use the touchscreen with photoshop and because of the program, it could not utilize the touchscreen within the work space except to zoom and rotate.
I would have kept it but that was the sole reason for my purchase.
It's a great product and would recommend to anyone looking for a transformer or large touchscreen.
I'm looking forward to needing a laptop update so I can purchase this computer again.
I've only had this for a week Overall I like the computer, it's thin &amp; light and The wireless keyboard works great.
I was impressed; Sony puts in small touches like a USB charging port on the charger.
One thing I did't like is the stylus holder, it's cheap plastic and doesn't seem to be well thought out because it gets installed on the cover for the USB port.
I do't use it, I think I would accidently break it and loose my stylus.
The other Issue I had was the amount of time it takes to update the operating system and all the software when you get it.
Awesome laptop for college!!!
Can be used for gaming as well.
It's light, fast and has great battery!!
It's a steal when considering the specs and performance as well.
The processor and GPU are fantastic at running games and multiple apps.
I can run most games to a good quality without seeing any lack of speed.
The backlit keyboard is a nice touch especially.
Make sure to only handle this computer with clean hands because the front cover can get oily pretty fast.
I'm overall very pleased with my new laptop!!!
The only downside are the speakers.
They don't go very loud at all.
The quality of the sound is nice but the lack of volume really kills it for me.
This is mostly not an issue since I mainly use earbuds anyways however it could be annoying at times.
The screen looked fine to me and wasn't an issue like others have been saying.
Overall great for me!!!
This laptop has delivered.
I immediately did the Windows 10 upgrade and haven't had any issues.
The wireless adapter is strong and the SSD is fast.
This thing boots in just a few seconds which is nice.
Others have mentioned issues with viewing angle on the screen, but I never use the laptop where I'm not looking straight at it so it doesn't bother me.
I'm very pleased with the purchase.
Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
Apps launch super fast, and the 500GB HDD is more than sufficient.
I usually use my Mac for school work and internet browsing, so the entry-level 13' MacBook Pro is already more than what I expected from a computer I would typically use it for.
Macs hardly ever get viruses, and they are completely incompatible with existing Microsoft Windows Viruses.
Furthermore, Mac OS X Mountain Lion's Gate keeper prevents the user from downloading malware and trojans, which keep your data safe and your computer running at optimum speed.
The keys on the keyboard are evenly spaced and are back-lit, which make it easy to use at night and for speed writing (Typing?).
Overall, the screen resolution, though non-retina, is sufficient for normal web browsing and work.
The thunderbolt port is awesome!
US 3.0 comes with the MBP and has transfer rates of up to 5gbps.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
SDHC card reader and an optical drive for burning and reading discs.
The glass track pad is large enough for Apple's highly acclaimed multi-touch gestures for scrolling through web pages with two fingers, zooming in on certain parts of certain apps by double tapping with two fingers, accessing launchpad by pinching with five fingers and using mission control by swiping up with four fingers.
For Windows users switching to a Mac, you can also enable right clicking (known to apple as secondary click) in the system preferences&gt; Mouse and enabling right clicking.
The unique to apple aluminium uni-body is a real beauty.
It makes the MBP very durable and protects it from scratches, though you shouldn't go launching it against a wall for the sake of trying it.
The Mac app store and iTunes store are phenomenal.
The Mac app store is your one-stop shop for Mac software, though you can also download software online at your own risk.
There are currently around 10,000 apps on the App store (and counting...), and billions of songs available for download fro the iTunes store.
iTunes is one of the better media players available on the market with it's simple to use User Interface.
I'm sure you won't regret making this purchase.
One of the worst pieces of electronics I have ever bought.
Very pour performance.
It takes for ever to wake it up.
Sometimes It stops receiving wifi signal, so I have to restart it.
It is very slow and not responsive.
Would not recommend.
Glare is also pretty frustrating.
There is definitely more to say...
I tested it, it worked great.
He received it, and one day later it DIES.
The laptop refuses to start, we have troubleshooted all areas, still fails to start.
Cannot even get to bios.
Just a click and a BLACK SCREEN.
Of course, it DIES 3 days past the return window.
We got two days of operation from this laptop.
When the MacBook Pro arrived, I helped her transfer all of her schoolwork from the PC to the Mac... an easy drag-and-drop process utilizing a flash drive.
It was delivered with 4GB of RAM -- 2GB on each of two sticks -- which was probably adequate.
So I simply pulled one 2GB stick from the machine and installed the 8GB stick in its place.
The machine now has 10 gigs of RAM and it works just fine.
But, hey, it's an Apple.
I wouldn't expect anything less!
If it was possible to give them 0 start, I would have done it.
My Laptop's one of the Key from keyboard came out and it was mechanical failure.
My laptop was under coverage but when I gave it to them for repairs, they quoted me $755 for it.
this company just wants customers' money in their pocket.
they dont care how you feel when they charge you hundreds of hard earned dollars.
I wish this company to go bust.
I will never ever buy any apple product in my life.
Overall I love it.
First, when I move the screen to put it in tablet position, the hinge doesn't seem totally solid.
I feel like I need to be really gentle with it, but maybe that's just me.
Also, and this maybe is another personal quirk, but the keyboard sits a little far back for my taste so my watch scrapes against the edge of the laptop.
First off, AMAZING LAPTOP!
Three years ago I had purchased this bad boy and it still runs great!
If I were to have any technical difficulties, the local apple and contact line were able to help me asap, it was quite impressive.
I myself had purchased the 750 gig drive laptop and as a DJ with thousands of songs, pictures, and other things...and after 3 years I have managed to fill around 9% of my gigs.
There is SO MUCH ROOM!
Pros  1. Amazing storage (both 500gig and 750gig)
2. 8 gig ram needed if you are as productive as I am (DJ, photography, movie making, etc) its quick!
3. No anti spyware needed, never had a virus and I never will
4. build solid and durable
5. bought the 3 year warranty and boy it was needed (because of my doings)
Cons.  1. If you fall behind in updates, your laptop will become progressively slower, just update it...then its back to normal
2. Sometimes when I stared mine up it would take a few extra minutes to boot on, other times it is a few seconds
3. Cannot manually take battery out, unless you work for apple or have the tools
Overall, it is a fantastic laptop.
Mine has been though hundreds of parties, weddings, quinces, anything involving performances, it can take it!
This laptop was made for art, music, beat-making, pictures, movies, graphic design.
By the way, it comes with apps and hardware that can already support what I had just listed.
This laptop will last you a half decade if not a full decade.
Soon I will be hitting the 5 year mark and I think this thing can make it another 5 in my opinion.
Get this now!!!
By the way...I paid for this particular laptop roughly 2 grand...LOOK AT THE PRICE NOW!
This is a great laptop.
I bought it for college and couldn't be happier.
The SSD and I7 complement each other really well.
I was pretty skeptical about upgrading to windows 10, but it is pretty awesome.
If you are looking for a light, durable, and extremely effecient laptop, buy this one!
They really know what they are doing.
The laptop is so easy to work with.
Like it was designed for what people would want to the system to do, very user-friendly.
Its simplicity is one of the things that makes it so great, aside from its quality design and sexy looks.
If you dont like windows I would suggest trying a Mac.
The investment is worth it.
Have bought several laptops in last several years and hands down this has been the best ever.
Mac User interface is just the best.
Also, the laptop is quite, no more burnt laps, best screen display, and small additions like backlit keyboard wins your heart over.
Only thing I dislike is that everything for Mac is expensive but I guess you pay for quality!
Not impressed with Macintosh products.
In fact I am completely frustrated.
Also, many software programs are not compatible with the IOS platform.
Be sure the programs you need will work on a MAC before you buy one!
I had heard people speak highly of the MacBook Pro for college students, and have not been disappointed through two and a half years of extensive use.
The MacBook Pro is useful for college students for many reasons:
It is the cheapest product in the line of MacBook's
The new operating system called Snow Leopard is installed and ready for use
The battery life has increased from the last version from 4 hours to 7 hours, making it easy for college students to study for extended periods of time without needing a charger.
Reliability: Throughout the past few years, I have had no problems with the MacBook Pro regarding the processing system or any design flaws.
Durability: My computer has fallen from small heights and has had a few spills on it, but has had no lasting damage to the console with only a light plastic case on it.
Usability: The MacBook Pro is very easy to use and can be used by someone who doesn't necessarily have extensive knowledge on computers.
The processing system is already downloaded and the applications are very user friendly.
The MacBook Pro has a significant amount of positive attributes that greatly outweigh the negative attributes:
Pros:  o It usually runs very smoothly, but Apple has an excellent support team that is always willing to help customers.
o It has an extended battery life.
o It is extremely user friendly.
Cons:  o Some people don't enjoy the way the processing system runs, but don't have any issues with getting it to function.
o Others have problems with the applications depending what they need to use the device for, for example engineering majors need extra applications &amp; systems to do some work, but they are easily downloadable.
My first laptop ever and it is a flips into a tablet mode also, brilliant.
So far so good.
Battery doesn't hold up to what it said in the description but I got it refurb'd and I imagine they swapped out the battery to help cover the costs on the reduced price (Just a guess).
Still getting used to typing on it, my palms keep hitting the mousepad and causing the cursor to jump and moving me off of where I was typing.
Plenty of ports and since this is my first laptop, I really don't have anything to compare it to.
Note: no DVD drive, no Ethernet port
Screen is too small to read and almost impossible to touch  with a normal adult finger.
The brightest screen setting appeared dim in normal room light.
Keyboard is flimsy and mediocre at best.
The touch pad feel is a 4 on scale  1 - 10.
Computer seemed sluggish for an Intel Core i5 device.
Power on - good luck finding it.
I would run back to computer store and return this expensive toy.
signed: not impressed
I bought this a few months ago and it's holding up fairly well.
Runs fast, the touch screen hasn't lost any sensitivity, I'm overall very happy with it.
This one doesn't do that.
The trackpad is pretty crappy - but aren't they all?
This is my first Apple computer and I couldn't be more pleased.
IOS does everything its billed to do and much, much more.
Literally every detail has been thought out and designed with the user in mind.
I can't believe how much time it saves me through automatic processes.
The computer of the people!
I love this laptop.
The batter lasts as long as claimed.
I get about 5 or so hours playing the sims.
I haven't really officially tested it yet, but it's a long time.
I hate plugging my laptop in because I don't want to leave it on too long and hurt the battery, but with this laptop I rarely have to charge it.
The touchscreen is responsive and even works with my crappy dollar stylus.
The only problem I have is with windows 8.
I hate windows 8.
It made me sign up with Microsoft and sometimes won't let me download things that are harmful to my computer, but that's what anti virus software is for lol.
The wifi rumor hasn't happened to me.
The wifi works great.
It feels very well built.
The metal is very expensive feeling.
The laptop is a little more than an inch thick when closed.
I'm a very weak girl and I could lift this laptop with one hand, however I'd get tired soon lol.
The 15.6&amp;#34; screen is not good for carrying around in your bare hands.
I bought my first MacBook exactly 5 months ago and was really happy with my new toy, but what was not my surprise when I turned it on 2 days ago and the screen was completely black.
I can hear the noise of the computer turning on and the lights also turn on but the screen in completely dead.
The best computer I've ever bought.
The simple look of icons and format makes it easy to navigate through programs and download files.
The only issue I had was with the harddrive.
The harddrive crashed and I thought I had lost the whole computer.
Replacing the harddrive in this laptop is extremely easy, a couple screws on the back to remove the backplate and the harddrive is pretty much plug and play.
And apple was happy to install the latest osx for free!
You wont be disappointed with this computer!
It's just a matter of getting used to the touch-pad commands.
Thankfully I have earphones and an external amplifier for audio; the onboard speakers are just terrible.
But what should I expect from a unit that is this thin and this light?
The most disappointing purchase of my life!
I received a dud and have had nothing but problems since right after I purchased this horrible machine.
Within the first few months that I bought it, there was clearly a problem with the hard drive.
The online customer service was awful.
Gave me the runaround for an entire day and treated me like an imbecile.
No one would ever answer my question as to why I couldn't get another new Macbook since this was clearly a factory error and my Macbook was still under warranty.
As a matter of fact, no matter how many times I asked that question, the employees I spoke purposely ignored it.
They didn't say yes and they didn't say no, they just pretended that I never asked it, which was incredibly frustrating.
I've been to the &amp;#34;genius&amp;#34; bar several times (they have been very nice).
They have now basically replaced everything inside my machine, told me there was a problem with the hardware, so I now have a &amp;#34;refurbished&amp;#34; machine.
Maybe I'm not being reasonable, but I don't feel that's the same as a new computer because I didn't pay for a refurbished computer.
I still have weird freezing problems with it and it's pretty slow, but it's not pinpointed enough yet for me to take it in.
I had delusions of grandeur regarding Apple's &amp;#34;great customer service&amp;#34; and the &amp;#34;reliability of their machines&amp;#34; etc.. etc...blah...blah...
I'm sure most people's Macbooks work just fine, but FYI, if you get the factory dud, you're stuck with it and no one at Apple cares or will give a hoot about the money you threw away.
One OS for this platform, no OEM OS paraphernalia and automatic updates.
I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC!
Well she was right, Whatever in the world took me so long to get a computer that just works.
I'm no power user, but I have had no learning curve with the MAC and I don't do anything geeky enough forcing me to learn the OS.
I did buy Office 2008 for the MAC at a very low price to migrate most of my work files for $64 and that was  a steal in my opinion.
Otherwise I am happily a  Mac user.
For a premium laptop sold in 2013, the Apple MacBook Pro (13 inch, base model) is about as basic as it gets: no SSD, no discrete graphics, no 1080p display, and no touch screen.
But Apple does not pretend it has any of these.
What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.
Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs.
The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution.
This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair.
Hard drives can be replaced, RAM can be added as needed, and the internal battery can be replaced after losing its ability to hold a charge.
This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value.
Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer.
TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.
I am really sorry I bought this machine.
I was shocked at how much worse this product has been since my first purchase.
This machine has made me go there 5 times and has been nothing but a continuous problem.
Finally, they are sending it in for a motherboard replacement.
(It's a lemon).
So, I'm cooled on Mac buys.
They did not replace the motherboard.
Instead they 'tightened' a loose wire.
It also has a big new scratch on the top cover.
I started it up and it still has the same problem I went in to fix.
So I'm going back to Genius Bar for visit #6.
I think it may have to be 'Apple Don't Care' instead of Apple Care.
You get what you pay for, right?
Mac is complicated and frustrating at moments.
I watched tutorials and that helped somewhat but not enough.
I should have known better.
I hope you don't make the same mistake...
When I first got the computer, I noticed the tracking pad was hard to click.
I took my Macbook to the Apple store and they had to replace the battery after 1 month of use since it was swelling.
They tried to tell me that the battery wasn't covered by the warranty and it costs about $150 to replace.
They ended up not charging me.
Other than that battery issue and the battery life does not last too long, I'm pretty happy with the computer.
I'm a designer turned front-end developer and this computer is unusable for front-end development.
Opening photoshop takes FOooooooRRREVER, as do all programs that do not begin with an 'i'.
The free upgrade to Mountain Lion FAILED.
It tried to boot up and the screen just flashed over and over and over again.
Before and after I resolved that issue, I saw the damn 'beachball' all the time as the computer tries to figure out what the hell it's doing while I wait for it.
I spend so much time waiting for it.
I can't believe people like these computers.
Now that they are not virus free ([...]l) I see absolutely no benefit to Apple products as they are slower, more expensive, and do not last as long.
Don't waste your money.
My HP seemed great at first, then the problems started.....wireless adapter would just &quot;disappear&quot; and the system said it didn't have a network card.
Sometimes it comes back, sometimes not.
HP was NO help.
The lettering wore off the keys, so you better be able to type blind.
The battery lasted 12 months, then pffft.....gone.
When I had a boot up issue, the HP recovery didn't work.
The disks I made wouldn't work.....HP support stated &quot;we're a hardware company, not a software company.&quot;
Then there was a power cord recall....HP never notified us.....and we did register......never again.
I don't have the inclination or time to devote to a companies tech support, search functions, or hold times.....dropped the HP and never looked back.
I gave this product 5 stars because I have been looking for a MacBook Pro for a long time and I found it here for a wonderful price.
I have used this product for only 2 days, but I can't wait to use it more.
I really like Mac/Apple products because of their operating system.
I can tweet and use Facebook from the sidebar which is really nice.
I also like I have the option to push calendars, photos, and contacts to an iPad, iPod Touch, or iPhone (if I had any of those).
The only thing I have had trouble with so far is transferring music to iTunes which I would have liked to do though &amp;#34;Home Sharing&amp;#34; (I used iTunes on a computer separate from my Linux computer) but I could not figure that out.
I just ended up using my iPod to transfer my iTunes music and I re-downloaded my Amazon music (losing my ratings).
I have not tried gaming on it but I have heard that Mac/Apple does not do games well.
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time.
When I decided to buy my first computer, I wish I had bought a Mac first.
If the price doesn't deter you, you'll find it well worth it in terms of trouble-free operation.
I've had it for more than a year, and I've found that no anti-virus software is needed, as long as you don't download anything without being 100% sure that it's from a legitimate source.
From time to time I get the 'spinning beach ball' that holds up progress.
I can almost always fix that quickly by clicking on the 'Show all bookmarks' icon (the open book icon at the upper left).
Once in a long while that doesn't work; in that case I turn the computer off, then on again, and sign in -- problem solved.
I'll leave the more technical aspects to those more knowledgeable than myself, and just conclude by saying that I'm delighted with my purchase.
Received this item and everything is great except that my touchpad is reversed.
To go left I have to go right and vice versa and to go up I have to go down.
When I attach a mouse it's fine but the touchpad is really annoying.
I went through the settings and there isn't a way to fix it.
It's a great laptop, but right now it's annoying to use the touchpad.
